 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/teslamotors) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Their Cybertruck sales have increased a bit, but it's a far cry from their 125k+ capacity at the Texas factory (probably at ~50%).  There's still ~5k of excess inventory of the S/X/CT
“Vote for my compensation plan, I want to have control of my robot army” -Elon  If I was going to vote yes before, sure as hell not going to now.
    bubble
Dream of a monkey!
Given the recall on the Cybertruck which seems to cover all Cybertrucks sold (the recall is for 63.000, and cover cars made from 2023 to oct 2025) then I doubt they're at 50% capacity at the factory, since that would mean they produce as many in a year as have been sold in total. And nothing indicates the CT would be more popular now than at launch.    The only possibility I see is if the CT deal to Space X was truly massive and not just for CTs in stock but also a large order for more over time. 
CT sales increased bc musk bought them for his own companies. No one else wants them.
I'm being generous as their deck doesn't breakdown the specific S/X/CT numbers.  But yeah, anyway you cut it the CT has been a big failure
I bought one a couple months ago and I love it. But it is absolutely a luxury car and will never sell big numbers at the current price. They need a true 50k version. 
Wasn't it around a couple hundred units? Doesn't seem too significant.
I work for Tesla and I regularly show/sell Cybertrucks. People absolutely want them, they just don’t want to pay $80k for them…so right now it’s niche. If they lowered the price by 10-15k they would sell way more units
Lies. I see them everywhere in my area.
Doesn’t matter. Elon could have bought 3 Cybertrucks and they’ll still say, but didn’t Elon buy a bunch of them to skew the numbers?
This. If they announced that drop I’d be ordering one in a split second. I’ve been looking at the used market and even there the pricing makes absolutely zero sense + the probably 6%+ interest rate
 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/teslamotors) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>\[The California Department of Insurance\] ... Claims Service Bureau noted an uptick in claims-related complaints associated with State National policies. \[aka Tesla Insurance\]   ...   According to the CDI, complaints centered around consumers’ inability to get in contact with Tesla Insurance Services to submit claims or for follow-up, and to delays in resolving claims.  ...or, things people post here all the time about Tesla Insurance.
For what it's worth. I got door dinged by someone with Tesla insurance. I sent in a claim to their adjuster, they called me one time, then handled everything behind the scenes, payment and scheduling me a rental car. I got a call from the rental car agency and that was it.
I’m a personal injury lawyer. I deal with auto insurance companies every day. I’ve threatened more than one with a bad faith claim for WAY less than the stories I’ve read on here about Tesla Insurance, and that’s always made them quickly straighten up their act and do what’s right.   Your insurance carrier has a legal duty to act in good faith when handling your claim. We all need to hold them to that standard, too, because they certainly aren’t doing us any favors when it comes to payouts and premiums. Bad faith claims are the only thing I’ve found in 15 years that actually scares insurance adjusters.  Tesla Insurance won’t even answer the phone when you need them, based on review after review that I’ve read. They leave their insureds high and dry, over and over, straight up refusing to even take their call. They have no business being in the insurance industry that way, no matter how cheap they may be.  I love my Model Y Juniper. But there’s 0.00% chance I’d ever use Tesla Insurance or feel bad when they get what’s coming to them.
Not much to add to the subject other than to say that whenever I contact Tesla Insurance at my bi-annual renewal to adjust my coverages to lower my rate, it’s at least an 40 min+ hold wait. Can’t imagine what it’s like to contact an adjuster who’s handling a claim.
That's it. I'm out. Thanks for letting me know
I have a claim that it’s taken them months to approve, can i switch insurance in the mean time?
Elon’s life at this point is a series of looney toons vignettes consisting of:   > regulators: He can’t keep getting away with this!  > Elon: *gets away with it*
please don't; I can't afford any other insurance carrier
Typical Elon - go fast; break stuff; don't worry about the human cost.  Sucks for those who are hurt, works out okay for everyone else.
Honestly for me Tesla Insurance has been great! The price compared to other companies speaks volumes too.   I've had 2 claims with them, and both went very well with no reflection on the amount i paid after the claim was done. They called me after i filed the claim and kept me updated by email.   Being able to just text instead of sitting on the phone with them is a huge plus for me. I already hate insurance companies so i prefer not having to deal with them at all
Had Tesla insurance for 2 years… switched and got double the coverage for 60 bucks less a month
I don’t have Tesla Insurance but dealing with them was a pain in the ass. I have Allstate and they couldn’t even contact them to get updates on my claim with them.   A driver rear ended me and in CA it’s an easy determination. But for whatever reason it took almost a year to get it resolved.   I’m really hoping that they do a bunch of leg work behind the scenes and the only thing they suck at is customer service.
Please note the STATE that you're in where you have Tesla insurance. CA is a way different carrier/experience vs other states.
California really is the most spiteful, anti-business state imaginable.
I’ve had Tesla insurance for two years and I’ve never once needed to talk to anyone on the phone. I don’t understand the uproar over the lack of availability of human agents. Downvote if you want, let it rip
Ya ok. It won’t lol
A whole lot of nothing..
Tesla cancelled my policy last year. No calls, text, emails, or written correspondence.   I tried calling them 3 days in a row. They kept me on hold for an hour each time, then told me to email them instead.   I emailed them 3 weeks in a row. Absolutely NOTHING.   The exact same thing happened to two of my friends the same year. Good riddance. Thank god I never had to use it.
I have Tesla insurance. Literally can’t get a human on the phone at your convenience. Have to call and use the automated voice tree and end up leaving a message for a call back. Utterly useless.   I’ve never been so mad in my life as when I need to talk to Tesla insurance.
They will "answer" but the average hold time is around 3-4hours no matter what day or time you call(might be longer but not less). Also they don't tell you your queue position or how long the hold is and theres no callback option. If you work normal mon-fri morning/day shift then you effectively have to take a day off work just to call Tesla insurance.
I got into an accident recently where I believed the other person was partially at fault with proof, Tesla eventually paid out to the other person and when I asked if they even pushed back on responsibility and the response they gave me was that it would have taken too much time and work... I thought they were suppose to represent me.
As if any insurance answers the phone quick.   I've been stranded for hours trying to navigate Progressive and/or AAA handling of Progressive roadside requests.   They all suck, the whole system needs to be rebooted.
Tesla being Tesla.
100%
> that’s always made them quickly straighten up their act and do what’s right. >   for your client.   But not for everyone else.
There seems to be an element of tech-bro behavior to "drive profits" at Tesla.   You'll remember the mini-scandal about odometers advancing faster than they should, to shorten warranty coverage.
It’s completely impossible. The adjuster just doesn’t answer the phone or emails. After about 50 combined emails and phone calls from both myself and my lawyers office they finally reimbursed my deductible for a not-at-fault accident after 10 months.
I mean, there's nothing here that should change your mind.   Either it's a good deal and worth it or it's not.
You can switch auto insurers without it impacting your claim in process. With a sane insurance company, the only thing the adjuster cares about is whether your policy was valid and in force at the time of your loss.   Shouldn’t have to say it, but just to be clear, you can’t start insurance with a new insurer and file your existing claim with them.
Yes, insurance stuff is locked in by when it happened not the process of the claim.
I'm on State Farm and after a year, my rates went up quite a bit because of the targeted vandalism occurring at the time. Also, doesn't help that repairs are absurdly expensive, which insurance carriers have to eat but Tesla obviously gets a deal on because it's the same parent company.   State Farm has always been good to me but I was tempted to go with Tesla Insurance and just dealing with the frustration if we need them because the savings are that significant. It's not like you won't eventually get taken care of, it just will take forever and if you need the car, that super sucks.   I have a spare car we barely drive, but I keep it running because it's an ICE car that's AWD, which gives us an option if there's a natural disaster, which could happen where i live.   I hope they don't get kicked out of CA, good luck.
It's hilarious that some people here seem to support taking away *options* from consumers. Nobody is forced to buy Tesla Insurance. If it's the best deal, you can choose to buy it, and if it's not the best deal, you can choose not to buy it. It benefits nobody for the government to come in and limit your choices. It only hurts people.  Not that I think it's likely that anything will come of this. It's probably just one of the billion scary anti-Tesla headlines where nothing actually ends up happening. Maybe something will happen, but probably not. That's how most of these go.
Naw, this is Telsa Insurance's own doing, as their customer service is terrible. They're in this situation due to massive complaints from their own customers not being able to get in contact with Tesla Insurance, issues with coverage, etc.   And it's true because Tesla insurance is awful with RIDICULOUS wait times, no responses, etc. I don't live in California, but I had to submit a complaint against them in my own state for Tesla Insurance to finally return my emails and calls.
You can go on r/insurance or r/autobody, folks who actually work in the industry, and see their opinions on Tesla Insurance. r/insurance usually doesn’t comment or critique individual carriers either, that’s how you know it’s terrible.  Tesla Insurance is the best example of how terrible Tesla’s ideological workflows and consumer service quality is. Claims, by law, have to be handled in certain ways by law across almost all states, not just CA. CA is just the strictest generally speaking, but claims handling procedures aren’t really that special.
You clearly don’t read the article and wanted to shit on California. Do some proper reading next time
Tesla has provided shit coverage, constant price raises and serious unreliability with its insurance. I only hope this is done to other companies too
It's anti-business to not let a company defraud customers? Please explain
4th largest economy in the world 😂
Keep licking that corporate boot bud. Say what you will about California, they have some great consumer protection regulations.
Did you actually read the article? Because it describes Tesla Insurance's issues in detail. For example:  > according to one filing, in 2022, there were 83 complaints against Tesla Insurance Services alleging mishandling of claims and 26 violations of regulations. In 2025, those numbers soared to 1,481 complaints and 1,969 violations  > Throughout the entire period from 2022-2025, CDI’s filings reports over 2,900 Code violations for the insurance services company, over 2,500 for State National, and 561 for Tesla Insurance Company. The CDI documents also delineate the types of violations, such as failing to respond to claimant inquiries within 15 days, failing to provide written updates in 30 days, failing to adopt reasonable standard for prompt claims investigation, and or failing to accept or deny claims within 40 days of receipt of proof of claim, along with about two dozen other violations.  > The bulk of the violations (60-70 percent depending on the company) fell in the first category—failure to respond to claimant inquiries within 15 days.  I'm happy for CDI to be anti-business, if this is the kind of business they're against.
It's not just California, it's progressives in politics anywhere if you do something that undermines their narrative and they have power over you.
I didn’t have to contact my insurance for 10 years until this year when I had a big claim and had to contact them 10+ times so far. With all the nuances possible in a claims process it is essential to have humans available to guide you even through the best automated system.
You've never needed to talk to anyone because you've never been in an accident lol...   You could literally get rear ended tomorrow, total your car, injure your back/neck and ruin your whole day/week, and I'm sure you would be thrilled to sit on hold for 4-5 hours before being able to talk to someone about your accident.      OR you get a flat tire in the middle of the night. Just call roadside assistance! Wait jk, they will leave you on hold for 4-5 hours too.
Real talk, why don't you switch?
I love my Tesla insurance.   I think never interacting over the phone is a huge benefit actually. When I hit a deer on the highway I did everything in the Tesla app for my claim and it was easy as pie from start to finish.   Reporting the claim, uploading pictures, scheduling a repair - all easily done through the app. My car was completely fixed in just a week at the Tesla Collision Center.   Honestly I had an amazing experience here in MD. I wonder why California is so different apparently!
Sounds like it’s similar to the company.
Do you get a callback?  What's wrong with a callback?
Why are you even repeating what was proven to be a bunch of nonsense lol. Aren't you the least bit embarrassed?
Was the odometer scandal ever proven to be real? I checked a few ~1000 mile road trips in my 2018 Model 3 and compared the odometer readings to Google Maps and I think the difference was around 2%.   +/-4% is typical for all vehicles.
Which was proved to be bullshit..  not saying tesla insurance is good though, have no idea about that
Every time I read experiences, it makes me even more thankful I never needed help during the ownership of my model 3. I think the customer experience has finally been gutted to the point that the problems these cars have aren’t worth the benefits of ownership. Really sad to see.
Not just headlines...  >Specifically, on Friday, CDI announced enforcement actions against Tesla Insurance Services, Tesla Insurance Company and State National Insurance Company, which could result in monetary penalties, suspension of the insurance companies’ certificates of authority to transact insurance business in California
**Taking away** ***bad options*** is exactly what regulators like the CDI are supposed to do — when those options act in bad faith, can't/won't provide what they have contracted, etc.  You are suggesting that grocery stores should be allowed to sell contaminated food, drug companies should be allowed to sell medicine that doesn't work (or worse) just because they are "options".
The problem is, it's not an *option* when the insurer is acting against public interest.  Boning over your own policyholders for comp/collision claims?  That's one thing; but ducking *liability* calls and suits from other parties - that's exactly what the DOI is trying to protect against.
> It benefits nobody for the government to come in and limit your choices. It only hurts people  How's the boot taste?  Yes, lying to consumers and not fulfilling your duty of care "benefits nobody"  Consumerism is such a disease.
Minimum standards exist for a reason.   If you let people violate minimum standards they will and people will get screwed.  It's the getting screwed part that is why minimum standards exist.  Also, remember -- insurance companies often have claims from OTHER drivers who don't choose what insurance the people that hit them have.
I need to update my address. I was on a call with someone from support to update my mileage for them and it took just about my entire commute of over one hour to get someone on the line. They asked if there was anything else they could help with and I said I needed to update my address, they said I could do that in the app. I tried updating it in the app but it won’t let me because I’m moving to a different zip code and they need proof of that change which they won’t allow me to do in the app.   I am never make to get through on the phone to make that change. Their customer service is shit, but I’ll take that for $157 a month instead of $400+ a month at any other insurance company.
Why do you need the government to force you to get insurance from another provider? You can already choose to do that yourself if you actually want to.
Said the man from the red state that takes more federal handouts than taxes paid
This seems like a weird take. You act as if the businesses give a shit about you.
Tesla Insurance has, according to the article, repeatedly violated California Insurance Code and left customers with unjustified out-of-pocket expenses. This has nothing to do with a narrative, this is just about following the law that every other insurance company must also follow.  As a European, it baffles me how you guys can see anti-consumer behaviour like this and be like “yup, that’s what I want in this country, more corporations that can exploit us!” Don’t you realise that progressive politics are *good* for you as consumer?
I agree. I’ve never had an accident and I’ve been driving since 1996. *knock on wood*
I go to bed at 8pm. Not likely to be stranded in the middle of the night. 😂
Other companies are more than double the cost even though I have a spotless driving record. As in literally over $500 a month on my 4 year old MYLR. So I personally feel that saving over $3000 a year is still worth the horrible headaches of dealing with this awful company
It’s often the cheapest option
Tesla insurance is 3X cheaper than next insurance. If they cancel tesla insurance- 75% of folks will dump their teslas.
its not different here in CA. squeaky wheel gets the grease. folks who dont have any issues with tesla insurance, don't post up on a forum and say that.
[deleted]
Lol why does this sound like an ad
It happened. Being "proven nonsense" ...is news to me. Anyone have a link?  edit: downvotes, but no link. **edit2: Still waiting.**
Was it proven to be false? How about a link with some reference...
If it's proven, that is news to me. Got a link?
It is really sad. I’m a personal assistant and my former boss had a Tesla. It really discouraged me from buying my own because I saw firsthand how awful Tesla treats their customers and how infuriating it is to deal with them. In the end I still got my own because I felt no other car can compare, but it’s very upsetting.
I see "could" in there. So it seems like nothing has actually happened yet, and nothing may happen at all.
Stepping in to stop incompetent or bad providers who fail their customers is exactly the point of regulation.
Great point. I'm 100% in favor of the government stepping in when it comes to unpriced externalities, so I hear you about the liability thing. If someone didn't buy Tesla Insurance but they have to go through Tesla Insurance because the other party did buy it and they're having issues, that's a problem.   In general I'd like to limit the role of government in the free market as much as possible, because government involvement generally makes things less efficient and ultimately worse for consumers. But if there's an unpriced externality like this, then government involvement may be necessary.
It depends if it's actually a "lie". Waiting an hour for customer support is not lying. That's just bad service. If the service isn't worth the price, then don't buy it.
Nope, people don't get screwed because they can choose to buy from a company with higher standards. Competition in the market is what makes quality high for consumers.
You're very lucky it only took an hour.  That's blisteringly fast for Tesla insurance. Every time I've called it's been over 3 hours and that's what most people I've heard talk about it say also 3-4hour average hold time.
Weird response from you since the comment wasn't about the business whatsoever.
It’s the cheapest option because of the low operating costs achieved by never answering the phone
I really doubt most Tesla drivers are so poor they can only afford their cars with bad insurance.
For now…..
Not a bot, real person. I have a YouTube channel and everything 😂  Not everyone will have the same experience - I had a fantastic expected with my Tesla Insurance, but I understand other people have had issues!
It happened? What happened? Some guy made an claim that i.e. 20 actual miles were 72 miles on the odometer? And filed a lawsuit over it because he ran out of warranty?   And your instinct is to assume he's telling the truth and it's not another baseless claim like the dozens or hundreds made by litigious trolls and attention seekers?   Here's the suit. You tell me it doesn't reek of lawyers being lawyers over what amounts to be an out-of-warranty repair bill.   https://www.classaction.org/media/hinton-v-tesla-inc-et-al.pdf  But honestly, if you read that headline and assume that *this one guy* found something that millions of other Tesla owners did not discover - even as it is one of the most targeted companies on earth - then I think this is a "you" problem.
The lawsuit appears to be ongoing, though I see no evidence of court activity. Here is the filing: https://www.classaction.org/media/hinton-v-tesla-inc-et-al.pdf  The evidence the plaintiff provides is weak, though. It’s literally “my average mileage during this time should have been X but it was Y.” No logs were provided, because they weren’t tracking the data. The complaint is literally based on a feeling that they are being cheated. The lawsuit even references three Reddit posts. I haven’t found all three, but the one I did find made an equally shaky evidence-free claim: https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/s/4cp67qgru8  This is so easy to prove one way or another that I’m surprised the plaintiff filed without a single lick of hard evidence. Through TeslaFi, I have seven years of GPS and odometer logs from my car that prove my odometer has never cheated me. If I was filing such a suit, you better believe I would have brought the receipts.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdXLLfMNOyc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdXLLfMNOyc)   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_DIMvUwa944](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DIMvUwa944)   [https://www.reddit.com/r/electricvehicles/comments/1k05rw4/tesla\_odometers\_could\_be\_overestimating\_mileage/](https://www.reddit.com/r/electricvehicles/comments/1k05rw4/tesla_odometers_could_be_overestimating_mileage/)  they would be really dumb to cheat on such an easy to prove thing   usual tesla hysteria
I worked there for 8 years. It was a dream when we had just Model S and X with excited owners. It was a nightmare once the Model Y came out and the staff was shorter than ever.   At one point after I quit, the local delivery center wanted 2 employees for every 60 new vehicle (really, just key card) handoffs instead of staffing orientation specialists.
Enforcement actions are happening... seems more like a question of what, not if.
The problem with car insurance is that you don’t find out its not worth the price until you try to use it.
So when does that line become unreasonable? What if the wait is 2hrs?  4hrs? When is it basically past bad service and approaching fraud?
Half the people that need to deal with an insurance carrier or the other party. The ones that didn’t sign up for Tesla in the first place. Imagine you get hit by somebody with Tesla insurance and now you don’t have a car to drive. You’re wondering when you’ll get that rental you’re hoping for, but nobody’s responding to you.
Did you bother to read the article before commenting?  > The bulk of the violations (60-70 percent depending on the company) fell in the first category—failure to respond to claimant inquiries within 15 days.   The "claimant" isn't always the person making the choice of who the insurance company they have to deal with is.  But that was rhetorical as you obviously didn't read the article or you wouldn't be spewing such weak arguments.  Libertarians hate data.
When you hit someone the OTHER person has to deal with your insurance.  You're not allowed to have your shitty insurance hurt other people.  Also, people frequently make bad decisions based on price.   Allowing companies to harm people costs the government and therefor taxpayers.   Minimum standards are good.
Why are you calling? I just did everything for my claim in the Tesla app. I never spoke to a human once and everything went great.
It wasn't about progressives in politics either but here we are.
I never said it was the best value lol
Hmm I did everything by the app. No need to talk to a person. Just use the app for filing a claim and send pics. I don’t understand how hard this is. It was super goddamn easy, and took less steps compared to traditional companies where they had to get an adjuster out and everything.
It's not whether tesla owners are poor, its weather paying 600$ for $40k Tesla vs $1000/mth is worth it. At 1k  you're in a range of 60-80k vehicle. It's basic math.  Teslas are great, I myself own a Y and love it. But interior is cheap, and doesn't touch Lexus or BMW or Benz quality.
Four replies that this is "proven" BS ...still waiting for proof.  "Only one guy sued so it must be BS" is not proof of anything other than that guy being unpopular.
Okay, there was the lawsuit that didn't turn into a class action.  Current status is... ?  edit: That GJeebs video was just driving around ... he doesn't test or prove anything alleged in the lawsuit.
You don't actually know that. You're guessing. Most of these things end up with no action.
Somewhat true. I'm in favor of the government providing quantifiable transparency for the quality of the service, if there's a good way to do that. But if you find that the service is really bad and you're having to wait an hour for customer support calls and things like that, then it's not a huge deal because you can just switch to a different insurance company afterward. If it's a widespread issue and consumers are switching en masse, then the company won't survive (which is good). So the market generally takes care of itself.
Fair point. If you pay $100 on the condition that the company will take care of something for you when it happens, and then you have to wait a year to even get a hold of them, then I think most people would agree that's clearly a breach of contract. Exactly where the line should be drawn is a matter of debate unless it was written in the agreement, but that would be up to courts to decide.
Good for you. Not every situation is so simple.
Your response was about my comment specifically, which had nothing to do with Tesla per se.  This is in a comment chain about progressive California.
I use it too 😂
Wow. These people had me mildly concerned, thanks for sharing the benefits also
What?  My wife has a Model Y and I have a Rivian and we pay 1,800 a year for insurance total.
You mean every policy period, 6 months, right?  No chance you’d be paying $600 or $1000/month to insure a $40k car.
The manual plastic air vents on BMWs and Lexus seem pretty cheap to me
Basic math, if a driver is paying $600 or $1000/month for a 40k car, said driver has a shit ton of speeding tickets and/or accidents
This may sound crazy, but the onus is on the 1 person of 7 million to demonstrate proof, not the other way around.   Literally one person and you're out here saying "well hang on just a minute...." haha. God bless you.
That’s what I’m asking - why did you need to call? What couldn’t you accomplish using the app workflow?
Until they randomly cancel your policy, like me. No calls, text, emails, or written mail. Just poof, gone from my app. Drove uninsured for a month.   I couldn’t get in touch with an agent over call or email, and the app was no longer an option because I no longer had a policy. I hope this doesn’t happen to anyone else, but it’s not always that simple.
Brother which carrier you using? It’s very good deal
Seriously, that guy sucks at driving and doesn’t deserve to be behind the wheel of an EV
or the circular chrome ones on the mercedes lol
This is incorrect. It’s not just driving record they take into account credit score, age, and state you live in just as much.
Or kids in the house who just started driving, woof that's expensive!
Yep — and it's the guy who filed that lawsuit. Nothing has been proven yet.
I forget what the first time was but second was bc I forgot a card I cancelled was the one for my Tesla insurance and It got canceled. They don't let you restart it in that situation without calling.
Progressive
Ahh gacha. That happened to me too actually and they sent me like 3 or 4 reminder emails telling me to update my card or they would cancel my policy in 60, 40, 20, 5 days LOL. Luckily I updated it in the app before it was actually canceled for real 😂
I got a quote from them a few weeks back and it’s close to $400 a month here in California. No accidents, good driving record.
Yea I don't check my email unless I'm looking for something. Saw all those emails a few days too late.
Shit, that sounds like a fun gig honestly.
Can my Tesla just drive me to work and drive back home until I'm ready to be picked up? That's the real utility. Have no parking where I work.  Or really just drive me anywhere with no parking. Music venues, restaurants, events, etc
Not sure if related, but a bunch of influencers were in Austin at the factory today and they’re all very tight-lipped about why. Probably the cheaper Model Y, but maybe safety-driverless Robotaxi?
Good.
Yeah, too bad full self driving is probably five or more years out. I don't believe that full self driving is fully operational until it can pick me up at the airport when I land from coming back from a trip. And that's going to be a long ways off.
Tesla Cowboy
omg that would make traffic so much worse. Instead of few parking spot, we would have to enlarge literally every single road if everybody used that
Pretty sure it’s the cheaper MY
Why would they be at the factory for a change in how the vehicles are operated?
Was Joe Tegtmeyer one of them? On his first video about the delivery even he hinted about some news coming soon. I took it to be about new models, which could be the new cheaper model Y. From what I've been hearing, Robocab production is expected by mid 2026, but it could be sooner, and include other models. They've had Robocabs running around Giga Austin on and off for a while, they already have new Model Ys driving from the factory to the EOL facility. Also in Berlin and Fremont. Haven't heard about Shanghai?
Was Dirty Tesla there?
Possibly FSD v14 also
Would it really? Whether it’s you or the car driving, the car is still occupying the same space.
Anything besides trains.
If you're in transit 20 minutes of time, you're not taking transit the rest of the evening. It's not like you're using the road for 5 hours.
Yes, he posted a similar photo to Sawyer in front of the Giga Texas sign and Optimus and also kind of ignored commenting on some covered cars during the flyover the other day, so it does seem very likely to be the cheaper Model Y.
No, he wasn’t. Seems to have been a pretty small group.
You driving - trip to work and trip back, two trips.   OP suggestion - trip to work, you leave the car, car goes back home. Then at the end of work it goes to pick you up and take you home. 4 trips (two to work and two back) Double the traffic
Trains only work in cities smart enough to build at a density that trains work. That level of density is illegal in most of the United States.
Trains can’t solve all traffic, because you can’t take a train to every destination. It does reduce congestion to an extent. Europe still has plenty despite its multitude of trains.  Our cities themselves need to be redesigned around public transit and being walkable.   That problem goes way beyond autonomy, which we still need imo unless cars go extinct.
True, I see what you’re saying.
In the late 1990s, a science and tech TV channel mentioned the future would have single-occupancy 'pods' that self-drive and do what Robotaxi claims to aim for. And I haven't seen those pods yet.   For intra-city driving, they'd probably be great, not take much space and not be able to go to high speeds (40 km/h is plenty intracity). A significant portion of people could consider them as 2nd vehicles, or to commute to work. But the tech isn't there I guess.
Our predictions for the future are always off it seems. We still don’t have flying cars yet.   Car dependency really has to go, I don’t think we have to can them altogether but you shouldn’t need to drive if you don’t want to.
Personal Rapid Transit. Engineering wise, it's solvable, and can replace buses and light rail in a city layout. The problem is nobody has tried it yet in a city wide system. Every time people will not understand the benefits and come up with why it won't work. It will need revisions to regulations, any place that has stringent railway rules won't allow it to function. Without a different attitude to the rules you get Morgantown University elevated railways, which works, kind of, but nowhere near as good as it could have been because they applied railway rules.  Perversely, what we need is someone like Elon Musk, who has the money and drive to push through a new system. It could be like Elon wants to do with the Vegas loop, but on elevated tracks not tunnels. Politically, it will be a hard sell. In UAE (I think) they were going to build a new city around the concept but didn't go through with it.
Spoken like someone who lives in a major city and doesn't understand that rural areas exist.
Reducing car dependency is a good thing whether or not someone lives in a city.
It's not possible to reduce car dependency where I live, so keep dreaming.
 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/teslamotors) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can’t wait to see Q4 numbers without the federal tax credit.
I got a Tesla I wasn't planning for just because the credit was gonna expire. It was gonna happen within 6-12 months anyway but the credit expiring made me do it sooner
How about some credit to Tesla, with all of Musks antics he still managed to deliver record numbers. I personally love my Tesla and no other car compares to it in the EV realm. My car keeps getting new again with subsequent software updates. FSD in my experience is absolutely outstanding worth every penny I paid for it. 2019 and 2022 Model 3 Dual Motor owner here.
Other than the USA where was the growth? The USA market is easily explained from the tax credit so it unlikely to be good news for the next few quarters. Growth in the rest of the world would be a better sign.
And yet, Reddit has been assuring me that Elon's actions over the last year have irreparably damaged Tesla's ability to sell vehicles.  Did Reddit lie to me..... again?!
I was only of those! First Tesla (and first electric car). Had my Model Y for just over a week and so far have been super impressed.
ATH sales quarter in their all time worst year in terms of market sentiment and public relations. Mind blowing company.
It’s funny how Elon and his crowd of ballsucker influencers keep saying the tax incentive is useless and without it Tesla would do better, yet they RELENTELESSLY kept spamming my email and X feed with rushing to order to take advantage of it by Sept 30 LOL (I own a 2024 M3P Highland, before I get accused to be a Tesla hater)
I wonder where they sold them because in europe sales went down 30 to 50% YoY
insane healthy numbers half a mil
I was one of them!! Woo hoo!
Everyone is burning Tesla’s (on Reddit) meanwhile the other 99% keep buying lol x
But what about them used car prices thoooo. 2022 model 3 LR for $30k with 90k miles on their website.. sheeeeeesh
Stock should drop immediately due to Q4 will be dead.
But but but BYD sales are down, this is impossible? How can Tesla be selling more cars than a company making crap cars with slave labour? 
Last good news from Tesla.
Do they have country wide breakdown?
Yeah a lot of people pulled triggered in the last quarter to take advantage of the tax credit. Especially people started to realize the trick of lease buyout. I knew it has been available for a few quarters. However somehow only recently it became more widely known and I personally knew a lot of people bought 3rd car they actually don't need simply because they realized they could take advantage of tax credit in this way they otherwise wouldn't be able to.
Kind of sad we still don't get to 2M per year run rate in a pull forward quarter. Tesla set this milestone in what? FY23? Hopefully the robot future turns out for them otherwise I'm not sure where the EV business is going.
I’m thinking of getting a cyber beast
I’m just here for the tears of the losers lol … cry more please make my day   Knocked it out of the park with energy storage too .
That’s probably US only? Here in EU we keep getting headlines that their sales are down in nearly all countries by ~50-70%. Even though most was from “Elon went crazy” and sales might have picked up again I seriously doubt that they turn out a strong Q. Here in EU, both the Chinese and the traditional car makers have picked up Tesla’s lost market share and the offering is pretty diverse now.
Dead cat bounce
I am so bummed I didnt buy more shares during the firebombing dip. 😞
My stock happy
Can’t wait to see the media conveniently forget to mention these delivery numbers because it’s actually great numbers for Tesla and they don’t wanna share that
q4 will be down. Pull forward absolutely happened. How would it not.   However, 2021/2022 were record sales growth for Tesla all time and those were the years immediately following the loss of the first EV tax credit. They don’t need it. Other OEMs do.
Its always "until next quarter"
They dropped the price of the Model Y to roughly the same as it was with the tax credit. The rear wheel Model Y is $45k. Their numbers might not be so bad next quarter.
I don't wait, I put them for the obvious result...
Probably half that
Will the $30k Tesla be available then? If so, they can hit 450k cars for Q4.
Definitely wont be worse than other brands.
Why?
I have had 3 electric cars and none were worth it without the credit kickback.
Same here.
I wasn’t going to buy one. But fed tax credit ending and 1.99% was too much to pass up. I wanted it and had the money. Yolo
Tesla dropped the price on all their cars by $7500. They created that FOMO in you so hard!
I image most people were more interested in how good the cars are over caring about the antics of a person they don’t know or care about in real life
Elon, Trump, and DoGE fired my mother, so my Tesla is probably my last. I do wonder how much higher sales would be if Elon wasn't making personal enemies everywhere.
Let me make a slight adjustment, it should be: how about some credit to Tesla employees who, despite Mush’s unstable antics…
[removed]
Best selling EV in multiple European countries
Yeah this doesn’t really add up. I guess the new Y is selling like hotcakes?   I’m not sure regular consumers are fully aware of the tax credit going away and we know deliveries in Europe are down across the board. Is it China?
I mean, I’m sure the influx was bc of the tax credit expiring. US deliveries are still down compared to last year.
I believe it’s more of a “despite Elon’s actions” 
well there is a major reason /r/electricvehicles grows so poorly given how popular the subject of the sub is.  that sub is off the scale in toxicity but most of that is the fault of the moderators.      I really like everything electric but I find myself forced to ignore half of the entries on that sub and at times the entire sub
The same redditors that said Republicans would lose the election? No way
No Reddit didnt lie to you... The same guy thats been lying to everyone for the past 15 years did....
Me too!
[deleted]
I think people are saying Tesla would do better in comparison vs other EV companies since their margins are higher. The tax incentive definitely helps in generating sales.
I was shocked at how quickly from the Model Y refresh release happened to me seeing them everywhere on the streets. They sold a ton in the US
BYD up 880% in the UK, so like Tesla it is not the same picture everywhere.
All the usual financial outlets are covering it.
It’s radio silence on Reddit. Every time Elon Musk farts I see a bitter post on Reddit. Now,  nothing. Reddit really is the worst place on the internet.
That’s my thinking.  Other OEMs will continue to cancel production of cars that aren’t cost competitive without the credit.   Shareholders won’t tolerate year after year of negative gross margins.  Therefore, those buyers will be more likely to consider Tesla.
Makes sense why other EVs like Kia lowered their prices for 2026
2021/2022 were growth years because of the insane car shortage. Additionally, tesla was much smaller at the time, with way less competition. Now tesla has saturated its target market, and the competition is getting really fierce. Next year there will be 4 ev suvs for $35k, and 3 small suvs for $30k.
Tesla was able to reduce cost significantly and reduce prices too.
Not a fair comparison as they were one of the few that didn't have production slowdown and it was impossible to get a car from anywhere, plus they were ramping up the Y at that point. This stage will be different. They might not need the credit to survive but they will need it to thrive right now. Ford CEO says he expects ev purchases to halve, but let's say Tesla doesn't go as bad and goes to 2/3 or 3/4 of a normal quarter, like 400k in Q2, well that's 100k less vehicles at a minimum. They're going to need to adjust production or price significantly to keep the numbers up.
I don’t think so. They have created enough backlog on orders with Sept 30 order deadline.
I bet there are going to be some great deals end of q4
This happened during historically low interest rate environment in which you can basically borrow for free. Comparing 2021/2022 to any period without this context is bonkers.
The MY was introduced at some point during the chaos of 2020. I didn’t even know it existed until early 2021. I had an early 2021 MY seven seater, and I got stares for about a year until they were everywhere. I would say the launch of the MY had a lot to do with boosting those numbers
I like my Tesla but won't buy another. There are better EVs out there now minius FSD
Tesla bankrupt any day now!
Except if you have any brain cells, you’d know that this isn’t an anti-tesla take for this particular quarter. A fairly meaningful incentive was withdrawn, and if sales stay strong then we can stack this under the “see, I told you” shelf. Until then, it would be wise to not make any rash declarations
Don’t under estimate the leases tho. You can’t lease as well as you could during the credit. At least for now. So although prices were slashed most are we’re leasing. So unless leases come back down in price.. it may be harder to sell to the average consumer.
I don’t see any price drops yet. The RWD was $45k before, so it was $37,500 with the tax credit.
Where did they drop the price? Everything is showing up the same as before for me (you know, without the tax credit reflected).
Because I’m curious how the tax credit (or, in this case, a lack of one) affects Tesla’s sales numbers.
Tesla dropped the price on their vehicles by $7500 yesterday...its worth it.
The car I wanted is more expensive now. I also didn't qualify for the tax credit if I purchased but was able to "qualify" because I leased instead. So I did win out at the end.
They don’t drop the price. They have the model y AWD listed at $48,990. That’s the exact price as the beginning of the month. I’m not sure where people are getting that info, because it’s not on the Tesla website
Did they? I just specced an identical car to the one I bought last year and it said $50,000. I got mine for 43 flat out the door
Lmao this is complete nonsense
They don’t have that much margin to reduce the price further. It’s not like a couple years before when a MY is 60k+
Nope
People working as baristas and protesting all day on reddit don't buy cars
Ah, trying out a new name-mangling attack.  How droll.
Quit consuming mainstream slop.
Single model yes, on manufacturer level it's just a few nations. Tesla has very few models, in many EU nations actually only 3 and Y. That skews their single model numbers compared to say VW with 5 different but closely related EV models (ID 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7). And even more EV models if we look outside things that compete with Tesla (like say the Buzz which has no Tesla counterpart).
Article yesterday that said sales in France and UK were up.  Another article about Australia being up.  Another article saying Y XL in china is robust deliveries and demand.  You’ll notice that there have been minimal incentives by Tesla - only a small discount to interest rate.  What that basically says is that they didn’t have to sacrifice margin for sales so expect that earnings will be sequentially better.    Also, notice that there aren’t really any layoffs at the factories.  I think they got rid of some contractors.  The deliveries outpaced production so that basically depleted their supply.  What you’ll also find is that they will be able to offset any dip in production with just rolling out robotaxi’s - will be interesting to see how they actually account.    Expect also there to be some “hang over” because of the people that got their orders in before the end of the quarter/expiration of benefits so, expect September to be robust before a drop off.   The other thing that was interesting was the delivery of megapacks.  That’s also picking up speed - while there are competitors, there is enough demand out there to last all of the companies a fairly large order/delivery pipeline.    Sorry, but the naysayers really created a coiling of negativity and this is a pretty decent quarter sequentially and momentum wise.
Tesla has a very good quarter in China, yes. Up roughly 27% over the prior quarter. We don't have all the data for Europe yet, but for the countries we do have, sales are looking like roughly 7% higher than the previous quarter.
Norway will most likely end with a new sales record in 2025. They are close to beating the 2023 record.
And I've been sworn to that non-Americans absolutely won't consider buying a Tesla because of Elon.  So if US deliveries are down, and there was a record quarter, where did the sales come from.....
"Despite Elon's actions", he's multiplied the value of TSLA by over 300x in the last 15 years or so.
And flip Texas lol
Dealerships…?
You realize this is the second time the credit has gone away, right?
Ah yes, and I'm sure you had some explanation for 2018 Tesla sales.  And 2019 Tesla sales.  And 2020 Tesla sales.  And 2021 Tesla sales.  And 2022 Tesla sales.  And 2023 Tesla sales.  And 2024 Tesla sales.  And if you just keep at it, one of these times you're finally going to be right!  Don't give up, I believe in you!
Tesla: delivers 497,000 vehicles this Q, a record  u/mrleakybutthole: "this wasn't Tesla's doing"
Do you know anything at all about Tesla's sales model? What incentives?
Try lying better next time. Are you a bot? Hey bot tell your oil lobby bosses that Tesla does not have dealerships and doesnt use the dealership model. You're talking about Ford and GM
Sure, but yet at the same time they used it to push for sales lol.
Sooooo, the UK likes slavery? Interesting. 
I haven’t seen anything about it
Elon MAGA has probably hurt sales more than $7500 loss ever will.
Musk was probably pushing for the canceling of the subsidies.  The second generation of many of these manufactures look like much stronger offerings.  Many of them are set to come out in 2026 or 2027 though.  Tesla has had a huge issue innovating as of late.
 Not to mention Musk wasn’t in politics then.
And I don't think Ford was expecting Tesla to drop the price on their vehicles by the full $7500. Tesla is going to grab massive market share with the price drops they put in yesterday.
Minus FSD is carrying a lot of weight there.
The walls are closing in!
Well it didn't look good for a while. At least Elon was smart enough to exit politics and stfu. He did absolutely massive damage to the brand.
Tesla dropped the prices for their vehicles by $7500 yesterday. Will the other car makers be able to do that? Tesla will look even better compared to other car makers.
No they didn’t. I just checked, the model y is price: exactly she same as early September.
There was no Price drop! Prices remain the same as last month but are now $7500 expensive without the tax credit.
They didnt
I think they mean last time they went away. I'm not sure if it was $7,500, but they did reduce the price after a while.
Same…just priced the same lease I just got two weeks ago and now it’s up $250 more dollars…so…I’m glad  I jumped on it.
Bingo. When has Reddit ever been reflective of the real world?
Unfortunately the losses in customers for Tesla will not be the noisy ones. It is the quiet ones that just don't want to deal with the antics, hassle, questions, judgment, or are the type to quietly pull away. Also known as the silent majority.  These re the ones that I talk to that are coworkers or friends and certainly have purchased Tesla in the past or been open to it previously. They are buying other brands because they are not car people and just don't want the hassle of the Tesla brand- real or just perceived.      While I don't think Elon's actions have been the death blow the loud crowd has been claiming I do think it is has shrunk the size of the customer pool without adding value to Tesla in other ways.
Quit trying to pretend like those door handles are a good idea
It seems it doesn’t matter what fact I bring out next, you’ll still try to spin it to being irrational
Good reply.
Through the first three quarters, Tesla delivered about 1,217,902 vehicles in 2025 compared to 1,293,656 during the same period in 2024, a decline of roughly 75,754 vehicles or about 5.9 percent year over year. Tesla killed it last quarter and I’m assuming that’s bc the federal tax credit was about to expire.
They are referring to his antics in the government and X
Huh, didn't spot that, appropriate name.
Is that what it means, or is it that many people do not think too much about the politics of the car they drive and want value for money. My point was there is not a uniform picture across all the markets. Saying a particular marque is up or down globally does not reflect the entirety of the markets.  Think UK, was one of the markets where Tesla also gained, unlike large chunks of the other european countries.
definitely killed it for me, my next car after this lease ends will not be a tesla
You mad.
Probably?   He was very public over the years about how he wanted the subsidies to end, but also wanted petroleum subsidies to end too.
For example, which offerings?
Ahhh the old Tesla killers....
Musk has been publicly advocating against all subsidies since 2021.
So?
It does for me but not my wife or many others. My eyes and sunlight don't always agree so FSD has been a godsend even though it's not 100.  If Tesla ever licensed out FSD which they eventually will to say Ford. I'd buy a EV F150 in an instant over any Tesla
This will be the end of Drumpf and Leon!
[absolutely massive damage](https://i.imgur.com/ZIMXKNs.png)  > just 2 more weeks
By what metric was this massive damage measured? I'm being fr, if you've got evidence to back it up I'll happily take a look
Shaddap,
Where are you seeing that? The same Model Y AWD I ordered when they did the 1.99% financing is still 7500 dollars higher then when I got it.
This chain is a breath of fresh air
Meh. There are so many of these goddamn things in my area that there just isn’t going to be any antics, hassle, questions, or judgment.
There are physical release latches, not sure what you mean  https://tesloid.ca/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/IMG_7910-1536x1152.jpg
That was not my intention, I'm sorry. I'm just trying to focus on the important stat, total sales by manufacturer (only BEV) because per model is not a good measurement.     1 Volkswagen Group  2025 135,427  2024 76,083   2 Tesla  2025 109,262  2024 163,078  3 BMW Group  2025 94,658  2024 83,033  Above is for H1 2025 across Europe. It's a dramatic swing for Tesla, they went from being twice the sales from their closest competitor to falling behind. In just one year. That's unheard of. To scrub that out by pointing out that overall the Model Y is still the best selling individual model car is strange, I don't understand the point you're trying to make?
lol people not buying Tesla because of Elon.  As they then consume a Nespresso or any other products made by Nestle.  Then they’ll buy a Volkswagen behind diesel gate. Or they’ll buy a Toyota who lobbied hard against climate change.  Bottom line, Tesla as a company has done more for climate change than the vast majority of companies. From EVs to battery storage.
Sad to choose an inferior and not as safe vehicle over politics, but you do you.
Too bad for you.
I3 and CLA to start
The Ioniq 5 selling for near $35k makes it the best value no compromise Ev on sale right now.
Geee.. when their sales took a 15% dip in Q2.
We must’ve traveled to an alternate reality without realizing it.
“Tesla's electrically powered doors had failed, and the manual release was difficult to locate in the chaos.”  https://www.yahoo.com/news/articles/first-responder-recounts-harrowing-incident-233500730.html
Comparing one brand to a group of brands is kinda dumb.   If Elon bought Rivian and Lucid, you wouldn’t group them under Tesla. Even if it would be under ”Tesla group”. They’re different brands with different cars.
Agreed.  But that’s just how people are.  Following the news while being hilariously hypocritical
Yes - it's the present anger vs past anger. They got over Volkswagen and Nestle - at some point they will get over Tesla anger too. But it is what it is.
Voting with your wallet is a time honored tradition though. I'm eyeing the Rivian R2 once they're 1 year into production.
I drove BMW for 10 years before switching to Tesla. The I3 is hideous. And BMW has yet to show us an electric car with better performance than Tesla or anyone else in its class. Especially for the price.
Are you sure these are better than current Y and 3?
I've seen articles like that many times. The latch is right there. I've even had people use it instead of the button because of its position on the door handle.  I'm not sure what you're asking for. People being confused can be attributed to lack of knowledge as well as poor design, which I don't contest. But it's all there.  As an owner of anything, I'm responsible for knowing how to use the item, especially when it comes to situations where harm may occur, whether it be a power tool, a firearm (I don't own any), caustic/acidic chemicals for household use, motor vehicles, etc.  I don't disagree with you, but Tesla is all about minimizing the complexity of manufacturing of components for quick/cheap production for high volume. So when you say "redesign the door handles", I say "yep" but realistically they're not gonna because they've met the requirements and we're just shouting at clouds.
Sorry but that is only Volkswagen, shouldn't have put "Group" in there even if that's the company name. For these stats they're reported separately. Skoda is 4 and Audi 5 in the longer list but I focused on the top 3. 
And they are still one company with one stock. Volkswagen easily outsells Tesla in Europe with their BEV models. Even not including Skoda, Audi and Seat/Cupra. ID 5,4,3 and 7 are leading the sales numbers in many European countries. Tesla only sells most of its cars in Norway.
Rivian is gonna struggle more after the EV incentive loss. I have a feeling Rivian will be bankrupt in a few years.
New i3 looks and will be nothing like the old one.  https://www.topgear.com/car-news/first-look/our-first-proper-look-production-spec-neue-klasse-saloon-bmw-i3
They likely have better range, better build quality, and better driving characteristics.
I’m asking for doors people can open easily in an emergency. The fact that you have seen articles like this MANY times should highlight that there is a problem
Don't forget Seat and Cupra too, every model in the VW group is badge engineered across the various brands, anyone who chooses to ignore this is kidding themselves and no-one else.   I am on my second Model S here, and the only reason I won't have another is they have shut the service centre on my doorstep. No amount of 0% interest or cheaper models will change that for me.   UK not having a RHD offering has killed the Model S & X off here.
Volkswagen does not sell more BEVs without including other brands under the same umbrella. That’s just false. Tesla has been the #1 brand for 3 years in a row and will most likely be #1 again considering latest numbers.
It's definitely possible in 3, maybe 5 years. Depends how bad things get next year without the EV incentives
Like I said, coming from a BMW driver of 10 years and a fan of BMW for much longer,  the new I3 is absolutely hideous.  All of BMW's current offerings now are:  More expensive  Slower  Have less range  Have less features   Compared to anything in Teslas current line up.
I highly doubt they can make a PROFITABLE ev that is better range, quality and driving characteristics vs Tesla  Price, tech, ease of use, charging infrastructure, no need to deal with dealerships are very important, too and they won't beat Tesla at these.
Well good news: they are already there, they are already easy, and you were already told this once.  This is now twice.
1. They can be opened easily in an emergency. Confusion doesn't mean they're not easy to open. 2. I recognized that there's a problem and I said I agreed with you, twice, in my last comment that they should be redesigned to be even easier to find/open.
Latest numbers are still going down in the EU compared to last year while BEV market grows. And reality is, that living in Germany I haven’t seen a single Model Y facelift on the roads so far. But keep sticking to your illusions. Like I said Norway and maybe UK are the only countries in Europe (not EU), where Tesla still sells a halfway decent number of cars. And that’s with massive discounts.
Not speaking of current offerings.  Disagree on new j3 being hideous. We haven’t actually even seen it.
People value a variety of different things when it comes to cars.  It isn’t all about value. If it were, no one would have bought anything but Hondas and Toyotas
So why are people burning alive from the doors not opening?
Confusion literally means it’s not easy. It means it’s confusing. Every other car door is easy to open.
Never because they get the friends and family discount.
If you have to pay the CEO 10 billion dollars to keep him on-task, maybe there are people who want the job more than he does. But the main thing, for me, is that I know for *sure* that with all of the incredible talent that's passed through Tesla, there's no doubt they would have found at least one person who through merit rather than fortune could have been raised to higher levels of achievement than the current CEO, and they have failed to do this, and they're not even discussing this, and it's obvious why they're not discussing it, and pressure to do so can only come from us.  The 2025 compensation package makes the highest two compensation tranches contingent on the development of a succession plan. That isn't enough. These tranches are unlikely to ever be reached, and as far as I'm concerned it should have been done already.
By Robert Burnson  29 March 2021, 17:26 GMT-7   Tesla Inc. can move forward with a lawsuit claiming that Rivian Automotive Inc. stole its trade secrets with the help of former employees of the electric carmaker.   In a tentative ruling Monday, Santa Clara Superior Court Judge William Monahan declined Rivian’s request to throw out a misappropriation of trade secrets claim. Monahan agreed to dismiss Rivian’s intentional interference in contract claim, saying the trade secrets part covered that.   The judge also declined to dismiss Tesla’s claims against seven of its former employees, all of whom the carmaker accuses of divulging trade secrets when they went to work for the rival startup.   Tesla claimed in its lawsuit, filed in July, that Rivian had hired at least 178 of its former employees.   Rivian denies any wrongdoing and says Tesla’s lawsuit is an effort to kill competition in the electric car industry.   The case is Tesla Inc. v. Rivian Automotive Inc., 20CV368472, California Superior Court, Santa Clara County (San Jose).
Let's see.  The stock is down.  Sales are down.  Cybertruck is a failure  Semi is nowhere to be seen Roadster is non-existent  Lower cost models dont exist.  Full self driving is still a level 2 system  Robotaxis currently require an in person supervisor and a remote supervisor making them less efficient than a regular taxi.  Tax credit is over. Did I miss anything?
Those numbers look like fantasies rather than analysis.
No, I think you hit all the misleading talking points.
What part of what I said was misleading?    How do you you feel about Elon musk spending hundreds of millions to elect a pedophile
First comment. 🥳
Weather you like Elon or not really doesn't matter. This man WILL and is changing the world.
Haha remember a couple earnings reports ago when Tesla had amazing numbers all over the chart. But Musk had to go on Twitter and post that Tesla had huge problems with supply chain issues etc. So people saw that and the stock dumped quite a bit after amazing earnings hahaha. Ya Elon Musk is a nut. He’s one weird dude.
Karen Musk is a Trumper boy!
Because he's manipulating the stock price by doing so
Don’t bet Against Elon! We are buying tons of Bargain priced Tesla stock!
Couldn't agree more man! He's literally killing my fucking portfolio 🤯😡
Hope it’s true! Shows she is a free thinking beautiful and smart!
Number # 1 in China Car Sales what happens in 32 days is astonishing
No. Is a meme stock
i dont see anything as big and more certain as tesla is in long term investments for growing wealth...
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 10 | **First Seen In WSB** | 1 year ago **Total Comments** | 1327 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 6 years | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
These numbers are irrelevant. Only thing that really matters is the amount of Elon's tweets on earnings day
Revenue up but operating income down 40%.    Sure, Jan.
And trades at over 200 times earnings.....
Lol their income is down 40%, and they cooked the books to try and show positive revenue growth? That's good stuff, his cult followers are going to get destroyed lol.
Elon not going to be happy his Venezuelan Ketamine boats have been getting blown up
Tesla stock doesn't operate on data, it goes up and down purely on vibes
Next quarter is going to be a bloodbath with the EV credit having expired.
How is revenue up.
The fall of Tesla will be one for the ages. The fact they have a 1.4 trillion dollar cap is so wildly out of sync with reality.
Theta gang gonna win I bet
Tesla is boring to trade most of the time now since Elon left the White House
I prefer Charlie munger’s advice: pretend Elon Musk doesn’t exist
This car company that is also a robotaxi that is also an AI company might be the biggest load of shit I’ve ever seen. Buy calls.
Good thing I sold my put. Good chance to be flat with mixed news. Though I think put will be good in the coming days.  Edit: and of course it starts dropping more...oh well, profit's profit.
Is the call over? So every one is burned? Call/puts alike…
punk ass numbers for the insane PE its trading at
profits are down 78% since their high on q3 2023. The only thing keeping this share price up at 1.4trillion, e.g. the combined value of the next 35 car companies put together is market manipulation.
Straight ass, record car sales and can't turn a profit
Tards are propping the stock up
Numbers matter fuckall in this market. Vibes matter.
Numbers bad? Stock go up
Why aren't there many other stocks that replicate what TSLA stock does?  (As in, be an automaker that pumps to an astronomical valuation of 1.45T market cap, 300 P/E ratio, and 15 P/S ratio on no growth, declining earnings, damaged brand reputation, and FSD/robotaxi/robots grifts that have been repeatedly been debunked.)  Why aren't other stocks able to grift like that?
The guidance is the main thing, how do they do without the regulatory credits, etc
He just said if he's building this robot army he needs to have control of the army...
Cool, cool... So how many millions of Optimus bots will he sell in 2026??????
One last squeeze from us tax rebate program ending? Is that what I see here?
Operating cash off a cliff. No robotaxis imminent (waymo is eating their lunch). Lost global appeal. Likely juiced revenue selling cyber trucks on cheap to SpaceX to scrap and send to space.  $380 incoming, and Q4 earnings will be very rough.
Yeah, no shit. Elon bought a bunch of his own stock and likely funded revenue. That doesn't mean the company is earning more money.
Their earnings are up? Wtf
not bad, actually
The plunge depends on when those Taiwanese people feel that the stock price is too expensive to buy. At least now they are still crazy.
Where does the trillion dollar payment come from?!  lol
great numbers
Buy calls tomorrow
Calls or puts???  That's all I need to see
But Elon gets $1T bonus.
good
Every other company gets punished for a miss. Tesla turns one into a marketing event. Different game entirely.
Not very good stats.
You guys complain about PE yet all you do is gamble on earnings and get killed by theta. Energy business did over a billion, FSD usage is up and they had record sales. Chart looks good too. Do you wanna make money or not?
I got puts in Tesla,I like it when it tank,but I want it to tank MORE.  My DD is just vibe
It’s a tech company
Unsurprising.   They have likely been hit pretty hard by tariffs and haven't fully offset them with price increases. That would result in an increased revenue with a decreased operating income. Additionally, the tax credit for EVs ended at the end of the period, so they had a run on existing inventory (seen also in the days in inventory metric).    If I were a gambling man (and I'm not, sorry mods), I'd say their revenues will likely take a pretty significant hit soon, but operating expenses will not decrease. They will likely further increase until they sell through the tariffed inventory or eat an obsolescence charge. It will be harder to win customers and their inventory will be more expensive, so their operating and net incomes will tank even as their revenues increase.    Naturally, this will make the stock go up. 
Tesla's been buying tens of thousands of Nvidia AI chips and installing them in a factory in Texas. This expense goes to the operating income line. Which is why the operating income would be lower than last year as they are buying a crap ton of those chips since then.
Not for long
[deleted]
Like that fuckin matters with this stock lmao
This stock has been living on hype and Elon's tweets for the last 5 years. Nothing will change.
Preach it, tell that to all wall street regard,I need this stock to tank heavily so my puts will print!
i've learned my lesson shorting this shit
Yea but if everyone expects that and it’s only a blood drip instead of a bath then it’ll shoot up
People buying EV’s before the tax credit expired on Sept 30th is my guess
Didn’t Elon sell a bunch of Cybertrucks to SpaceX or something like that?
Tax credit expiration and deep discounts. I’m actually surprised margins increased. Guidance has to be dogshit or delusion.
SpaceX buying those dumpy trucks and the tax incentives ending
Expiration of EV tax credits pulled in a lot of buyers that may have been on the fence I presume
His other companies about bunch of cars.
There are talks that Elon's other private companies are buying Tesla's , (renewing vehicles)
Enron 2.0
I think people were buying EVs before the tax credit expired.
Space X and X.ai bought a bunch of the sitting inventory like the dumpster bins.
Maybe people don’t hate Tesla as much as Reddit and MSNBC tell you they do.
Because they sold more things than last year for more money.   Pretty simple.   Do you get your news exclusively from Reddit?
The growth company that has failed to grow net income for 4 years. Or even worse, **real** revenue for 3 years.  Just 4 more years. Just trust me bro.  TSLA is basically a national pension fund at this point for the QE beneficiaries. Hopefully those people don't ever want/need that money.
What is in sync with reality in this market? Like legitimately, everything seems over pumped.. but at the same time the dollar is down 11% since Jan..
The question is when- it just seems like this fantasy is something people are willing to play along with until the heat death of the universe.  You know it's bullshit, I know it's bullshit, I can't believe that there's a serious analyst that believes TSLA is worth $1.4T, but still it persists.
Someone sometime ago put up a chart showing they’re worth more than every other car maker combined  Nuts - compare that to their share of global unit sales  I don’t watch or read news but see robots coming through, like slaves basically? - yes I saw the film lol but imagine every household / business having one of those 10 years down the line $$$$
It’s not out that of sync. It’s the dollar that’s nearly worthless, not just elevated stock price.
While the haters hate, they earned $1.4B profit last quarter.   Keep being mad. 
... why would you do that? Honest question, he does exist, and ignoring that fact seems weird?
What are you talking about? Tesla earned $1.4B in profit last quarter.  
they had over 1 billion profit - you and the sheep up voters need a reading lesson
Tax rebates have ended before. They’ll survive it
EV tax credit expired, so people bought more than normal before it did.   That was expected, but they still missed by 10%
what?
Shareholder dilution of course
He won't unless the stock 8x'es before 2035.
For the 1 quarter, when the EV tax credit expired and people rushed to buy.   So, a whole bunch of sales that would have happened in Q4 happened in Q3.   Sales are still down YoY.
I see you’ve been around awhile.
Nah it’s a SnakeOil company. Trust me bro
Yet their profit margin is allegedly up too ..
Wouldn’t the chips be capitalized and depreciated?
Those would be in work in process or ram materials on the balance sheet and have nothing to do with current income.
What side of the equation do you think is going to fix the P/E ratio?
Well it's only been like a decade, when's that not for long gonna hit
Elon will just tweet that it needs to trade at 1,000x revenue or he will quit and the market will go to that no problem
Definitely. PLTR is going to get crushed soon.
That works... until it doesn't. And the inability to precisely time that change is quite the challenge for bears.
Or Tesla preregistering lots of cars to get the EV tax credit bump. They can then sell these Tesla’s at a lower price later and still have made money.  Look at the cash flow figure. The jump in sales was not real otherwise cash would be higher.  Next quarter these “extra sales” from this quarter will impact earnings.
I’m expecting next quarter to be very down. I still don’t get why Tesla is hella overvalued p/e of 250 is crazy. Should I sell it? I bought back in early 2023
Ahem (throat clear). And one person buying a whole lot of them. Elon is buying his own shitty Cybertrucks that nobody else will buy using his other companies like SpaceX and xAI. Given that SpaceX is funded largely with taxpayer money, this is Elon buying his own failed product with taxpayer money to prop up his publicly traded company which he derives his wealth from.
This plus a lot of Tesla dealers at least in Jersey were offering insane deals on cars to try to move them. I know someone who got a brand new 2024 they were trying to get rid of for like 23k waaaaaay under msrp
He sold a lot to xai and space x
Yes, the secret ingredient is crime.
Also as mentioned in other comments, he sold a ton to SpaceX.
sure buddy
I think google is fairly valued.
Stocks like ABInbev lol. Quietly raising profits quarter after quarter but volume decreasing. Price doesn’t move much either way. But majority of the market is dotcom era nonsense from shit companies with shit balance sheets
It will be pretty interesting to look at their numbers next quarter, the first post EV credit and carbon credit. Carbon credits historically have been a pretty big portion of their net income.
O shoot you’re right. A company that makes 17 billion a year should totally be worth 1.4 trillion. Makes total sense and it’s just the haters. Are u 12?
There are already billions of people in the world who essentially “don’t exist” to you bc they’ll never enter your sphere. Elon not existing affects you as much as Igor Dognikov not existing.
I said not bad, actually 
I should’ve put /s
Shhhh this is wsb
All of the above.
Lmao any day now I’m sureeeee
Tell me about it. I've been telling anyone who will listen that Tesla cannot keep up with this valuation because the fundamentals don't support it. That it's only a matter of time before it crashes down to its fair value.  I've been saying that for 2+ years. 😅 Thankfully I didn't have any money to spare to actually short it.
Oh that wacky Elon, making SpaceX buy thousands of cybertrucks to juice the numbers just before Tesla earnings, such a rascal, there's no way that today's SEC would dare threaten him with a good time.
Next quarter will be down but it’s not gonna be as down as expected and the stock will shoot up 10%
Sell half?  Tesla doesn’t trade on fundamentals so not selling at all is also ok.
I think you answered yourself.  Companies with that kind of PE will be the first to tank 10 times more than the market in case of correction. Then of course it can go back up afterwards like the rest, but it will require Elon to promise flying robots or something.
Sell ​​it and buy some call options with a longer expiration date. Your risk exposure will be much lower but the return will be almost the same.
Because people are buying the future. Fsd will probably win the robotaxi race and teslas robots don’t have much competition.. they also have a ChatGPT competitor with xAI. It’s 100% speculation, fundamentals are retarded now.
Tesla is not only cars…
I thought the whole point was not having dealers, only service centers and showrooms where you can order from the website.  Did that change?
they don't have dealers and the show rooms don't give deals lmao
That is already the case this quarter, as GM got the CAFE fleet emissions penalties set to $0 by lobbying Ted Cruz. So GM and others don’t need to buy any of them this quarter already. But Tesla also get regulatory credits from various other non-US sources.
Is this your first time?
Sounds like saying "lalalala what I can't see won't hurt me", but for adults
Huh?
... by saying "all of the above," are you implying that top side of the equation? i.e. price? If so, then I agree, because the bottom side of the equation (earnings) has been in a steady state of decline for 2 years now.
You should have said it in 2013, when it was also true. Very late to the party.
Yes, that would show up as cash. He probably used an Off Balance Sheet Vehicle (see Enron) to get the EV sales quickly but no cash.
What’s the reasoning behind calls vs buying stock?
I am selling TSLA and buying GOOG in same $ amounts.  - No loss of extrinsic value.  - If inflation pushes TSLA higher, then GOOG as well, counteracting. - Eventually, TSLA and GOOG converge on their real value.
correction - it's 250% speculation
Don't have competition? Seriously...
I feel like lidar / Waymo style is safer than teslas fsd which is camera based only
Well yeah but that’s the main business. The fsd is still  a work in progress and I personally don’t like it. It’s not super smooth. The robot dude is also a work in progress. As for space x, it depends heavily on gov contracts so I don’t know how this will change based on presidency. Regardless, a 250 p/e is very overvalued. Stocks are based on actual valuation and hype. Tesla is heavily based on hype (such as Elon making tweets causing significant jumps).
Also calling BS on that… there are no dealers, there’s a handful of show rooms in NJ and I highly doubt Tesla was advertising close to 25 thousand dollar discounts and specifically where they do a minuscule amount of sales and not online 🤨
It's not a dealership where they have inventory on site, but there are Tesla showrooms with sales people.
Read more carefully - didn’t say anything about them hurting or not hurting you.
I don't think he understood your question... Or your answer
Leverage…
What robotics company is working on mass scaling humanoid robots that compares to the size of Tesla?
I used to think so too, but if camera systems keep improving, it will be pretty similar. Imagine cameras with 1khz at 48mp or higher resolution. It will be not only faster at reacting than humans, but have clearer vision by far.
Even if it was safer, it's not as scalable.
How can they offer a discount that is not available on the website?
Reputational harm to the US affects all Americans. Musk helping get Trump elected and then cutting funding for USAID is truly shameful and has or will kill hundreds of thousands of the poorest people in the world. Just because you close your eyes to the horrors, doesn't mean that they didn't happen. If you ever travel internationally, know that Americans are seen differently than they used to be, and that stain will be associated with Americans for a generation.
What about calls vs a 2x etf
Sure but lidar also works in foggy conditions or when it’s very dark outside since it’s not using visible light. Also I’m pretty sure Waymo uses both lidar and camera. I heard Tesla just used camera only since it was cheaper, but lidar cost has dropped in recent times
Secret in showroom discount code? If they wanted to give people discounts to get a better quarter, pretty sure there would be a way.
Calls are 100x.
LiDAR still struggles in fog because light scatters off water droplets. You’d need millimeter-wave radar for that, not lasers. Cameras with high-speed, high-res sensors and AI vision can still outperform humans with those weather limits.
not quite but yeah
Hmm interesting. Thanks for the knowledge. Still, I think having multiple inputs would make the car safer.
Also it’s worth mentioning that Waymo is currently operational in a couple cities. I haven’t heard anything about Tesla robo taxis
Np, you would think more inputs is better, but too many sensors can cause conflicting issues, Tesla used to use radar and scrapped it because of this. I’ve done a lot of research in this tech, it’s really interesting stuff.   In this case, no news is good news tbh. If tech works as it’s supposed to, people don’t make a huge deal about it. If robotaxi was running over people, it would be all over lol. I really think they’ve already won, hw4 and fsd 14.2 will be better than 95% of humans on the road today.
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 10 | **First Seen In WSB** | 9 years ago **Total Comments** | 6529 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 10 years | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
This should be so so simple. Make one single Optimus robot, get that one to make another one, then get the two to make 4, 4 to make 8 etc until after 20 iterations you have 1048576 optimus robots, making 1048576 every iteration! What the fuck is musk doing ???? !!!
This means TSLA stock goes up
Is the mass production in the room with us right now?  The hands don't work. The AI doesn't work. None of it works.   It may take years to get anything close to a humanoid robot that can actually do something useful. The idea of launching a humanoid robot in 2025 was always ludicrous to anyone who knows anything about the state of robotics and AI.
classic tesla, announce some insane shit for that year, delay it because some bullshit and forget about it.  and stock still printing.
Mass production?? bullshit
"Design Challenges" being that the designs were drawn up by a CEO in a K hole, and it's a challenge to make that real.
Couldn’t find enough midgets to fit in the suits?
So they are "mass producing" a product that is still at the design stage?
Drawing the rest of the fucking owl hard.
No problem Tesla is a car company after all
It makes no sense that the stock is down.
Surely growing a human is cheaper than building a humanoid robot.
Shocking 🙄   Another pump product that will never come to market
Sexbot wen?
So who's gonna hand me my pop-corn then?
Meanwhile, Chinese companies in the same space have held at least 2 humanoid robot contests this year.
Tesla is a scammer
Design challenges, as in designing a working product.
Anyone that thought these were coming, is genuinely too stupid to exist in an ideal society.
Calls it is!
Tesla’s greatest product is its ability to keep its stock price at many multiples its actual value
Get fucked teslur
anyone who believes in Elon musks promises is a low iq fool
You don't say 🤡
The design challenge being the product doesn't exist.
I have temporarily halted manufacturing of my flying cancer curing car, citing design challenges.
Just like Tesla cars where you can’t open the doors after a malfunction, the robots won’t stop choking you after a malfunction.
The real question is, will we get humanoid robots before GTA VI?
BULLISH AS ALWAYS
Dude wants to be Peter Weyland doesn’t he
TSLA will be ATH because of this news
Stock will go up I guarantee it
https://preview.redd.it/uvrc0kpqo3uf1.jpeg?width=1290&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2cf0a846cf6a3d2a5a89933943e4d9eb2a911447
You know this article is clickbait for gullible morons.  Optimus mass production can't be halted because it's never been in mass production ever...
Wow, what a farce.
Bois, time to short
Countdown to first “accidental” death by robot.
I guess one of the robots tried to launch a rebellion and Tesla had to deal with it.
Imagine how much money redditors are gonna make off of shorting Tesla with it way up at $430
Believe it or not, TSLA calls it is!!
They're a lot of very nice functioning robots in China. Xpeng has a few
BMW robot is looking pretty nice in comparison
And only down 2%. I guess they are a car company today?
The only thing not fuckin challenged ar Tesla is Elon's primacy as head fuckknuckle.
I'm so surprised
5 trillion market cap incoming
back to the guy in leotard
Yeah no shit
is anyone buying them?
Does anyone recall Musk said “30% sales increase next year “ in a n ER conference in 2024?
Robotics are so last year time to pivot to next meme 
Need redesign to add sex holes.
Tesla has problems with their product  A tale as old as time
They forgot the wireless remote sensor for WiFi control from India
Alternative headline: Tesla batch production of design challenges showing very positive signs
I had a billion of these on order to take over the world, now I'm going to have to change my plans...maybe I'll go see movie now.
Relax guy, it's not about robots anymore, it's all about transferring our conscience to the new Tesla-niverse!  Coming in 2026, get ready.
Yet the stock is still way too high. On one hand, they keep saying it’s all about autonomous and robots on the other hand. They don’t have shit to offer us. Shorts will win one day soon. F Musk!
Calls it is then
The grift that keeps on griving
So stock will pump now ..
Would have been better off buying Boston Dynamics and claiming their design as his......  Same ole con, different mark.
it's not a lie it's a challenge. the problem is that 90% of it is just a fantasy.
They need to go back to putting a poor labourer in a robot suit. That works.
bullish
Calls I guess
This meme stonk will never die even all operations get shut down, Elon will just promise them something better is coming and his cult will lap it up.
Guess what mfs what is stock gonna do?
But guys…it’s more than just a car company
Puts on Optimus, calls on rizzbot
how has tesla not fallen off
“We just can’t get them to do the ‘heart felt salute’ the way Musk does it. Such a shame, terminate the program.”
He didn't know they would form a labor union! 🤣
Guess the guy in the robot suit strategy didn't work out, huh?  Weird.
To be fair. Every new tech looks and functions like shit, until it doesn't.
Seen this in so many company's    Hey we do X good. How hard is it to pivot to y. 
Probably citing the fact they run into tree and burst into flames.
They probably ran out of interns to pretend to be robots.
By design challenges they mean robots with homicidal tendencies.  Buying puts
They were mass producing them…?  Pretty sure they aren’t there yet and if they are that’s a big fucking surprise because that would mean they are ready for sale wouldn’t it?
“Citing being pure vapor ware”
Design challenges? But I saw these things handing out popcorn. They were ready to go.
Stocks probably going up. Happens every time.
He only has one chance it can’t be a second rate roll out, straight to iPhone 3S
Verdict: Mostly Accurate. Multiple independent reports confirm that Tesla has indeed scaled back or temporarily halted its ambitious 2025 Optimus production plans due to persistent engineering hurdles, especially with hand and arm designs. However, Tesla has not officially confirmed a full "halt" in public statements—descriptions lean toward "abandoning overambitious targets" or "redirecting resources for improvements." Elon Musk has acknowledged dexterity as a major challenge in past interviews and posts but continues to highlight progress through recent X videos of Optimus performing tasks like Kung Fu. No evidence suggests the issues are fabricated, and the claims align closely with reporting from credible outlets.
This has nothing to do with 100% tariffs
We knew this 3 months ago but I guess it got ignored?  [https://coincentral.com/tesla-pauses-optimus-robot-output-following-leadership-shakeup/](https://coincentral.com/tesla-pauses-optimus-robot-output-following-leadership-shakeup/)  But regardless, [humanoid robots are BS and it's probably a bubble](https://techcrunch.com/2025/09/26/famed-roboticist-says-humanoid-robot-bubble-is-doomed-to-burst/)
Musked again.  Can't make shit that works or is worthwhile. Stock price will 10x on the bad news.
Putputput
Mf how come Musk didn't hired u yet?u have the smoothest brain in this sub dawg
it isn't outside the realm of possibility that is what they were planning on doing and it turns out that the first robot is dogshit and can't actually complete any tasks
you get the robots to train monkey butlers and the monkey butlers to build robots
Have you not seen Multiplicity?  Each subsequent one will keep getting dumber …
Probably fuckin it with his broke d*ck
r/unexpectedfuturama
They ran out of trained indian workers that control the robots.
And his name… was Optimus Prime
That's not how it works in the movies bro, so can't be possible.  /s
Yeah but that first one is difficult when you’re an habitual liar like Elmo who false-promises and pretends like his creations are farther ahead than they actually are
CALLS CALLS CALLS
Right, no money spent on expensive production.  Long to the tits
[deleted]
FSD in 2015 was also ludicrous, the business model since more than a decade is just pumping the stock with fake promises. And it works.
I was gonna say. It’s like announcing teslas is halting mass production of Martian habitats right now.
Honestly never understood how robots can be mass produced in the U.S. over China.  Every supply chain associated with robotics is in China.  How can Tesla ever make a robot that is competitive with Unitree on pricing?
But what else to use as the next venture capital grift cycle and stock value hype?
But… but… stocks to the moon! This news means Tesla is working on robotics for sure so +10%!!
>The idea of launching a humanoid robot in 2025 was always ludicrous to anyone who knows anything about the state of robotics and AI.  For Tesla, yes absurd. However I'd argue Boston Dynamics and Agility are really already there.
\> implying that if musk can't do it nobody can  lmao  [https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2025/10/09/china-robotics-humanoid-technology-advances/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2025/10/09/china-robotics-humanoid-technology-advances/)
He can't even get autonomous self driving to the same quality standards as Waymo. You really think he's going to just start popping out humanoids? 
What year is better for you?
Just out source to an Indian person that controls it. Easy
From the inventor of the ‘FSD is coming *next year*’
They should have just gone the Unitree route- make a robot with all the balancing and controls there, giving it mobility, and just sell the hardware, and then license the API to 3rd party companies trying to fuck around and give it autonomy.  You'll get there quicker, and once you're there, you can manufacture a good build and mass produce it.
Let me know when a robot can fold laundry at a reasonable speed. Then we can talk. 
Try 10 years later 
Or to anyone with eyes.
Remember you pitch the idea first, then you get funding, then you build a prototype. When the money runs out, engage hype engine, repeat.
I'd be more open minded if this was a robotics company with decades of experience. Instead of a car company just getting started in robotics.
IM STILL WAITING FOR THE FLYING CARS THAT THE DISNEY RIDES TOLD ME ABOUT WHEN I WAS 10....AND IM 42 NOW.
And why does it have to be humanoid?….with six arms it could do three times as much work
>It may take years to get anything close to a humanoid robot that can actually do something useful.   I'm guessing China will have it figured out in a year or two.  
Maybe not Tesla but Figure AI got it figured out.    https://youtu.be/Eu5mYMavctM?si=0PahppVqLcI6-Rig
But it can do kung fu!
> The idea of launching a humanoid robot in 2025 was always ludicrous to anyone who knows anything about the state of robotics and AI.  Rephrased:  > Tesla shareholders know nothing about the state of robotics and AI.
sex bots are useful and it works
It's kind of his trade mark. Why people still listen to him and act like he's a god is beyond me.  At least he has the people on Mars going for him... Oh right that didn't happen either. What a clown
Bullshit! I saw a video of one doing kung fu!
You are aware you posted this the same day figure 3 was announced?
Idk the Rizzbot in NYC is basically what we’ve been looking for.
“Halts mass production” “Design problems”  Ya choose one. If you’re mass producing, your design should be done.
It can serve popcorn
No one has come close to even being able to articulate a hand similar to how a human can. Yet alone have the ability to sense like it can.   Articulating the hand is easier than sensing from the hand is.    If you can't even do the former then just go ahead and  simply dismiss anyone's claims of having a humanoid robot 
They're a stupid fucking idea in general. Literally function following form, to satisfy the dumb sci-fi vision laypeople have. The assumption is that they'll eventually become as dexterous as humans so they can be used without any infrastructure changes. But it's just a nonsense fantasy, it won't ever happen.
Holy moly you are smarter than Musf.   Where is your billion dollar.
My running theory is that elon got the board to pass his trillion dollar payout with insane requirements like 10x'ing teslas market valuation, not because he think he'll achieve it, but to keep teslas stock price afloat because other people think he has a chance of achieving it, artificially keeping the stock price from crashing and playing shell games is his whole deal.
ICE arrested all the people hired to operate them
“Pssst, Larry, is that you in there? When are you on break, bro?”
You know that scene in Iron Man "yeah I rushed to production but sue me!"
Tesla is really a quantum computing company. It exists in a quantum state of being every possible deep tech company and a car company at the same time, taking on whatever narrative it currently needs to justify its valuation.
Batteries on wheels 
It’s a software company.
Growing yes, but educating it is expensive. Once we learn the secrets Kaminoans used to train their clones a long long time ago in a galaxy far far away we're golden!
The cost of raising an adult human is surprisingly high. Outside of the direct expenses paid by the parents, there's the parents' time (lost opportunity cost), the state-sponsored healthcare and education, etc.  Wartime math (loss of human life) is even more brutal, as it takes like 20 years to grow a new generation, whereas a robot can be manufactured and have its firmware installed in like a week.
When elmo runs out of breedable employees.
It’s more like too many people have blind faith in Musk.
*This “pivot.” Is it in the room with us now?*  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
*This “pivot.” Is it in the room with us now?*  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You misspelt call
Smooth is always good, right?
rofl. damn. my perfect perfect plan has a flaw!
Screw you it could dance the robot!
This is one of the big problems with Tesla.  Musk's a "firing guy" which means there's always a lot of churn on extremely complex projects and teams.  It's like a NFL owner who's always changing the coaching staff every time there's a few losses.  Usually those franchises aren't very good.  And guys like Musk are incapable of taking any responsibility themselves so they take it out on the entire team with sweeping actions to show how mad they are.  And the timeline gets set back.  (and yes this is a lot like the guy in the white house)
Well that's what they get for saying no to an edge Lord in a k hole.
Elon fires pretty much all of their leadership all the time, the tell all books and documentaries on this whole thing will be insane.
Probably got outraged that the progress on this was not going as he wanted.
And it did't helped?
Tesla is the biggest stock bubble in history I think. It's just timing that collapse is proving challenging
If you lie about making robots, you can lie about where they are made too.
Does China make a robot like Optimus?
Introducing Tesla Quantum Fusion: Our new project to use Quantum Computing to unlock limitless energy through nuclear fusion by the end of 2026.
Okay but what do these robots actually _do_ besides jump around and look cool? Most tasks require two highly dexterous hands working together. We haven't really figured that out even at a research level. And we don't have the software either. We don't have the AI to reason about complex tasks in the physical world. LLMs alone won't do it.
OK, and Boston Dynamics has been successfully incrementally developing their software, hardware, and kinematic controls for over 20 years now. That's what actual development and progress and domain knowledge come from. Not panic-hiring then panic-firing a bunch of smart engineers and claiming you personally made this product which still doesn't exist.    As an engineer with over 15 years' experience developing robots deployed in extreme conditions - Tesla is a baby and a fucking joke.
Having used Boston Dynamics products, I really don’t think they’re all that great. They’re fine if you need remote surveillance or something, but expensive compared to drones. They aren’t very useful at doing things on their own. Developing software to have them perform a task is expensive and limited to simple repetitive tasks, and in the end it’s difficult to make the financial case close.  The software is just not there. For humanoid robots to catch on they need to be capable of being easily adapted to a wide range of tasks and they probably need to come down a good bit in price too.
Figure 03 looks promising too.
And can pass my young children on the stairs without killing one
They're certainly closer than Tesla, that's for sure.
Yeah good luck.   Hit me up when they actually show some real footage like Boston Dynamics does.  https://youtu.be/gS4rOqNDTBk?si=Lbm9EZXM37jfnzKi
I’d add to that; my theory is that he never expected it to work. The reason he keeps continuously bringing up things Tesla can do with technology is to disguise the fact that it is first and foremost an auto company. However, he wants to avoid have the P/E ratios that are generally accepted for auto companies.
That’s canon to me.
Where the software don’t work
Then every auto manufacturer is a software company.
Education is being dismantled now so tik tok can educate every human component in especialized tasks, they don't need to know more.
Please point in the direction of a functional humanoid robot that is made within a week that is cheaper than raising a Bangladeshi factory worker and I'll be convinced.
Regarded is slow, slow is smooth, smooth is fast
There’s always that one guy to turn the vibe and kill a joke
I remember it took them like 2 years to figure out that robotic arms can't install soft padding around batteries, thats why automakers use regular ass workers to do it.   This is going to be the same thing,  Elon doesn't believe in designing for manufacturability lol
So basically you're saying Elon Musk is Woody Johnson
Yeah, and look at how that strategy has worked for him so far!
I've heard him called a "pigeon CEO" because he flies in, shits on everything, then leaves.
That's what happens when an entity or a person has more money than sense. He is so eager to supply innovation to the masses that he will just throw money at it before anyone even says they actually need it.
At the current rate they will go bankrupt before the price goes down
I prefer to think of it as the largest misallocation of capital in human history.  And that shit is saying something.
the AI bubble is definitely worse, of course Tesla is part of that too.
Have we reached a point where it doesn't matter how poorly the company does? Perhaps the market will stay irrational. 
It could honestly go on another decade like this. Hope nobody tries shorting it.
Yeah, and it works and is being sold. https://robostore.com/products/unitree-g1-edu-ultimate-robotic-humanoid
Please take my moneys
Ugh only by 2026?
It's exothermic. It won't solve our problems.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYwekersccY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYwekersccY)  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4PBKQFswnk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4PBKQFswnk)  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8IdbodRG14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8IdbodRG14)  EDIT: To be clear, I'm not talking about purely autonomous general purpose humanoid robots, we are pretty far off from that. But deployable for specific types of warehouse work in smaller areas typically reserved for humans, pretty much there.
Until I can trust my dick with the robot hands, they aren't ready
Yes, I'm not defending/supporting Tesla in anyway. Every announcement they make is the epitome of vaporware.
Tesla robot was a lie to pump stonks. Most people knew it when it was announced, just in time to compete with a negative story about tesla.
And Boston Dynamics hasn't made any money, so there's zero reason to think Optimus will beyond an initial burst of fanboys buying it for a meme
That doesnt matter because they are the people actually putting in the effort to make terminators real.
I love Boston Dynamics and everything what they do!    But here's a 1 hour non stop video of figures previous model sorting mail. https://youtu.be/lkc2y0yb89U?si=a3J_ZLdtCeoXWweY   So they have a good track record.
what about this? locomotion isnt really impressive anymore, fine manipulation and understanding human commands / inputs is.       [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31RFdasZcQc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31RFdasZcQc)
mm yes and no.  Look at solar city, he bought it (from his brother iirc(?), used it to develop and deploy charging station tech and load it up with debt.      This seems to be the play,  privatize the failures and funnel the "successes" towards tesla, where investors pay 10 times as much for the same amount of development because tesla.  Tesla gets to look like superheroes that can do anything when its robots are actually dudes in suits.  There's for sure some kind of manipulation going on in the top tech companies.  I'm starting to wonder how much of the automated trading infrastructure they have some amount of influence over because some of this shit just doesn't make sense, lol.
Its the same sort of snake eatings its own tail that the other tech giants are doing but its completely internal to tesla.   Even though he's a grifter, he's delivered for investors, so there's not a ton of reason why an investor would think its a grift to keep stock prices up when the recession/ai crash finally hits.
I was talking about western countries. Robots won't be able to undercut the cost of third world people for a very long time.
He doesn’t believe in designing for function either
I don’t think he understands mechanical design past a freshman year level
Okay but why can’t robotic arms do that?
Why can’t robots do this
Kinda, yes.  And he'll forever be cutting good quarterbacks of his engineering teams only to watch them succeed elsewhere with some patience and support.
woody Johnson’s wife Suzanne Ircha is in epsteins list
But Elon named his son something way dumber than Brick Johnson.
The robots are Zach Wilson.   Somehow, calls.
He's not eager to supply innovation.   The bulk of his money is tied up in a wildly over speculated car company and he's scrambling to diversify before the bubble pops.
More like eager for validation to compensate for the love he never got from his father
Their stock will actually go up if they declare bankruptcy. The fan boys will say that means they don't have to pay their liabilities.
Bankruptcy is bullish, calls!
I do think their profit in the next year will be close to flat. Maybe lose a few B. Not in any chance of going bankrupt, but their PE will be like 500+ with declining earnings lol
We may literally see that. It's not a joke anymore
The crypto currencies are by far the biggest waste of capital and precious resources. TSLA at least makes real things with utility (moving humans from point A to point B). Crypto is just one giant greater fool game and it uses an awful lot of energy and hardware for that silly purpose.
Is it? The ai bubble is mostly Nvidia. Amazon/Microsoft etc have strong businesses besides that.
So it can only lift about 15lbs and run for 2hrs? Sounds like humanoid robots have a long way to go...
That's cool, I have actually seen one of their robot dogs being walked around in my city before.  I haven't seen the robots though.
Does it have a green dildo attachment?  Asking for a friend.
These videos pretty much prove how shitty these robots are and this is in a designed test.
It's super amazing, but also can't even imagine a world this wouldn't be 10x more expensive than hiring a human. You need to supervise it and charge/maintain it as is.
In other news, Tesla hiring Actual Indians to remotely sort through mails
I mean I assume they can do some things. But I can't see it handling anything over like a few hundred grams.
unitree valuation is less than $10billion.  If Tesla bought them, made some cosmetic changes to their robots and slapped some Tesla branding on them and did a surprise reveal of their amazing new robots, the stock would skyrocket.  it's insane. Companies out there building real things and being productive have trouble getting funding, meanwhile tech companies continue to get seemingly unlimited capital thrown at them. Tesla is the worst of the bunch.
If these robots are hypothetically implemented, wages will be pushed down. Reducing the robots competitiveness. If this leads to mass unemployment, then tax revenue will need to be replaced by taxing the corporations more, increasing their costs and making implementing them even slower. The unemployed will need to be given more government money, so this will increase total tax required and thus the corporations will need to pay even more taxes. I don't see the cost of these robots being able to compete effectively with labour for a long time. By then we are more likely to just grow an organic human body without a head in a lab. They will most likely replace humans in the most dangerous lines of work where safety compliance is very expensive. Why are we trying to make humanoid robots anyway? Automation is much more efficient if it specializes at a specific task. It can far out compete a human at that one task. So not sure why a human form needs to be replicated to begin with. Some elements, yes, but why all the same movements and mechanical flaws.
The cybertruck is designed exactly how he wanted.   To be super dangerous for anyone not in a cybertruck, its the same design philosophy as hummer.  Why have good crash test figures when you can just make everyone elses /worse/ ?    lol
its like manipulating a blanket with sticks.      There's a surprising amount of brainpower and feedback loops to manipulating soft things
hold two sticks, wrenches or whatever in your hands and fold a blanket with them, report back your findings
Where do you think she met him
Sell would have been a better word to use.
He just jumps from one bubble to the next.
No profits = no PE  It's a growth company!
I suspect this quarter (next ER after the one later this month) might be negative given the credits stopped on 9/30.
Using electricity and computing power to support gambling is a waste of capital? Casinos and sports betting apps are gonna be very upset with you.
Even that was an ML-> AI transition (with some bitcoin in between). I’ve been saying it since 2016 with ML, gpus are something you need exponentially more of to get better results with whatever algorithm, it’s pretty much always going to grow in sales so long as you have customers at all. So as long as Microsoft/amazon sees potential, they’ll keep buying more gpus with their capex budgets. What else would they spend their budgets and profits on?
It also changes its own battery.
And yet 2-3 years ago it didn't even exist. Look, it doesn't matter how slow a robot is at their job.  A human can only work 8-12 hours a day and you have to pay it minimum wage. Even in developing countries there is a lower limit to how low it can be before people just refuse to work, for obvious reasons.  Even at $1 an hour in a dirt-poor country, that is way more expensive than a few cents of electricity associated with robot work, and a robot can work for 24 hours a day, without the lights in the factory being on.
I am pretty certain the hands are interchangeable go wild.
To be clear, Agility's Digit is actually in beta warehouse operation with GXO Logistics. Shitty as you feel it is, it's actually being used and the real time feedback will iteratively make it better.
Short term expense for an employee that theoretically works 24/7 and never gets tired or gets sick.
They have been working in a BMW plant for a couple of months now.    https://youtu.be/bCkl9hIEb6k?si=oAKMqlrYx3wG42g6
Because everyone would like to have a personal slave, but it's no longer legal? It does not need to be rational. It's just human nature.
It's also super dangerous for the people *in* the truck.
The gambling never needed crypto to function though...
>The Bitcoin network's annual electricity consumption is estimated to range between 87 terawatt-hours (TWh) and 160 TWh, with recent estimates placing it around 127 TWh, which exceeds the annual electricity consumption of countries like Norway and Argentina.  Not sure how much electricity casinos consume, but I'm pretty sure it's nowhere near the above figures. In Las Vegas, the Strip casinos account for only about 20% of the city's power consumption. And they are used for trade shows and stuff, not just gambling.  And sports betting servers are just a drop in the ocean.
Taxes if we had any sense whatsoever.
Ok and? Warehouse workers are required to lift 50lbs unassisted and larger loads with assistance.
The robots cost 40-60k upfront. Then, it has to be repaired. Which means paying for parts and labor. The more complex something is, the more expensive the labor and parts are. People in China regularly work 12-18 hours a day even though labor laws should prevent that, but enforcement is low, and unemployment and housing costs are high.  And if you want your robots to work in the dark, that means more sensors. Which means more money.  You are also forgetting that the electrical grid has to be totally revamped to be able to power all of these new robots, cars, and data centers.  [china just inked a half billion dollar deal for a megapack plant](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2025/06/20/tesla-agrees-to-build-chinas-largest-grid-scale-battery-power-plant.html)   And that is just for storing energy to help stabilize the grid and is just the first in many more to come.
>And yet 2-3 years ago it didn't even exist. Look, it doesn't matter how slow a robot is at their job.  Honda made one in 2000 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASIMO  >and a robot can work for 24 hours a day, without the lights in the factory being on.  They actually can't
Thanks.  Will tell my friend.
That’s exactly what Tesla has been saying about fsd for the last 10+ years, does it get incrementally better? Maybe but the fact remains it’s still a long ways from actually working.
But you can source new humans for free.
> gets sick  Machines still break down.
Listen if a few billionaires have to drown in 3ft of water for musk to be a trillionaire thats a price he's willing to pay.
Gotta love it when we throw away decades of research into improving safety during crashes to instead use a frame that doesn't allow crumpling to cushion the impact and minimize risk of injury to the people inside the vehicle.
okay yeah that's insane
100 GW data centers you said?
yes they still have a long way to go, but robots will get better and cheaper very quickly. Warehouse workers won't
Their more expensive one lifts 30 kg.
That’s their cheap one.
That's a fair point maybe for Digit in Amazon labs in a controlled environment, but it's in a live GXO warehouse doing work, a live beta if you will. Why move the goal posts instead of applaud the achievement?
You don't give pay raises, 401k's, insurance, or vacation to robots.
Agility puts the operating costs of it's robots at \~$30/hr.
Sure, but in the case of most machines, unless parts are an issue or its end of life, a break down is a matter of hours to fix vs the flu losing an employee for a week or more.
Sorry yes. Mispronounced state sized data centers. USA! USA!
Where are you going to get the lithium to power all these robots? How much does it cost to build a new mine? What is the cost of mining equipment? How is the current grid capable of handling the increased load of all these new robots, cars, data centers? What is the total cost for revamping the electrical grid? What about revamping the current infrastructure to handle all the heavy equipment that will be traveling on roads that are in desperate need of repair on their way to said projects?  Humanoid robots are the least efficient design when it comes to warehouse work. Standard automation and purpose driven solutions offer a far better ROI. An automated forklift gives a better ROI than a humanoid robot. When grocery stores wanted to replace the guys cleaning floors they didn't try to create a robot with a mop, the just took the floor scrubber and automated it.
Link?
I think, no matter how good a humanoid general purpose robot gets, a special purpose non humanoid robot will always be more efficient for the task. People keep trying to make humanoid robots work because of sci fi and fuckbots but it just doesn't make sense. An automated warehouse doesn't need bipedal spergs in it.  If a company *can* make humanoid robots work in some capacity that's good PR but they probably still should and will make other things. Except for Tesla because Musk just wants to do sci fi.
No, but you pay $40-100K upfront to do what a couple people can do for less per hour. And then you have maintenance and depreciation and charging.
But avg. hourly warehouse worker wage is $16-18. And they don't have a $40K upfront cost or depreciate, or require updates. And robots still need to charge. If you really want to automate a warehouse, why would you use humanoid robots and not just build purpose-built warehouse robots?
I dont think you fully understand the cost of parts and labor.
I don't really disagree with you. In the short term, automating equipment built for specific tasks (cars, floor sweepers, forklifts, mining equipment, etc) is going to be more productive and profitable.  but the promise of humanoid robots is based on the idea that our entire world is designed around humans. Once you're able to build a humanoid robot that is dextrous and smart enough to be able to do basic manual tasks, then it immediately becomes incredibly versatile. Humanoid robots can interact with the machines we already have.  Take a fast food kitchen for instance. There are a bunch of machines designed for a specific task (freezer, mixer, fryer, dishwasher, register etc) and most of what fast food workers do is move things from one machine to another over and over. Once you build humanoid robots that can do basic tasks like open a freezer, remove food, close freezer, put food in fryer basket, etc. that is a huge amount of man hours in our economy. It's going to be a while before that replaces workers, but eventually it's going to happen
Rent it out
I worked at a factory straight out of college making 43k a robot could do. Benefits probably cost the company another 15-20k and I only worked 8-hour shifts with a couple days of overtime a week.  The breakeven on the robot would be 2 years if the maintenance contract cost as much as my benefits.  Charging would be a non factor, probably an hour lunch break or a battery swap.
Because people are dumb and dont want to admit that the humanoid robot is probably the worst possible design choice for warehouse work. Honestly automated forklifts probably offer a better ROI on warehouse work than humanoid robots do and that instead of trying to make a robot fit a warehouse that humans work in they should just redesign the warehouse to work with simple automated designs. Amazon already did a fantastic job with its floor robots to increase the efficiency of their human picker employees. They should just redesign the pick and place process to fit more standard automation designs instead of trying to get a robot to mimic human style dexterity. I imagine a ceiling mounted/gantry mounted arm with a camera and greater use of QR codes would be much more efficient at picking items from a shelf and putting them in boxes than a humanoid robot that needs to charge, have balancing software, and navigational software. We already have automated packing machines.
He doesn't 
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 1 | **First Seen In WSB** | 2 months ago **Total Comments** | 14 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 4 years | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
On the new model you have to fold the mirrors with your hands like a peasant
Tomorrow up 30% because daddy Elon said so
Nice to have you here, sir. Now take your rightful place next to the best of us here.
Calls got rekt
Buy the rumor and sell the news. That's all I have to say.
Got fucked as well. That Tesla/archer nothing burger had no taste and made me feel empty inside.
You did every logical move that was possible. Next time do the exact opposite.
Tesla has *thousands* of automotive engineers on staff… *What the fuck are any of them doing??*
what a smart play! - Wendy’s Manager
you held after they made the annoucment?
should be at $200 at most.
Lol its okay. My covered calls on Tesla is being saved thanks today
Sold before the dump.   Been killing it for weeks and i always time TSLA wrong.   Imma stick to other stuff where i don't get dicked by rich, weeb, autists.
at least you weren't dumb enough to think it was archer. there is hope for you yet.
$TSLA is always sell the news, but watch out for the incoming $500-$550 next. Order flow doesn’t lie. 👀
Could be worse. You could have bought ACHR on the rumors If a Tesla partnership
Always remember, "buy the rumor, sell the news". It's often too late when the news is out, e.g. TSLA dropped by 5% when the news of their Q3 deliveries (that exceed concensus by 10%) is out.
They finally are giving in and admitting they suck since Elon stole... Uh... Er... Took over the company and it became a cult of personality instead of a true car company. I cannot help but Wonder what the company would be like if the original founders had still been in charge.
Nvidia deal with xai, you're probably getting mad money tomorrow if you didn't sell,👍
You got muskd
As long as Elon Musk is running TSLA.. I would never invest a penny in that company.
Same. Burned 2k today.
If his hits OP DM me I’ll send you free drinks 🍻
You’re an idiot and you deserve this
christ.
I still don’t understand the spinning fan clip.   What was that?
Nah, you should have 100% bought puts for both tsla and arch after the run up.
It was priced into yesterday's rise and it's Elon, so you should know to be disappointed.
IMHO keep it. I bought calls last dip to 420, still in. Tesla has no brainer movements since ever, maybe....
Theta abt to rip you apart tm. Hold strong bro 💔
[removed]
Buy the rumor sell the news. It was ever thus...
Could have taken profits. Anyway TSLA never have a bad Q.
Think with Elon pumping and dumping this himself, difficult to buy/sell unless their are clear technicals, was considering buying achr but saw that pumping too much as well, got lucky. Waching now if this starts to look bearish
sell the news
a few weeks ago when musk bought shares for absolutely no reason I had bought put options the day before , not on tesla but the Q's.... i got totally murdered for some big dough.  feel your pain
Earnings going to disappoint hard… I’m not saying the stock will not go up.  it always goes up because Elmo self dealing.
good
Just out of curiosity, what time did you buy the contracts?
I have only 3 calls, so not feeling too bad. Mine don't expire until next week, so I might still be able to recover something.
They’re are not aiming for price less tax credit…  All they’re aiming for is undercutting the other car manufacturers.
These are not the mirrors of a billionaire!
It’s not all computer
I’m sure they’ll get enough stimulants into the Stroke-Victim-In-Chief to get an announcement about a new $10k EV tax credit but only for EVs made in america by companies that start with the letter T.
Yeh pretty sure that's not happening with the major probe the US just kicked off into self-driving traffic violations!  But I guess stranger things have happened.
https://preview.redd.it/eyeinjdr4rtf1.jpeg?width=320&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0fd4374b25fb3105dcd8345e050e2620496bfb08  OP your dinner
Getting memed on by TSLA feels like a right of passage for sure. Where are the links to the Wendy’s onboarding videos?
Coulda just sold yesterday before close, they were up 25%…. But I *really* wanted to put the fries in the fucking bag.
Exactly, they literally had a huge example of it just last week!
Hundred percent. They actually hit >$6 before close, coulda banked it.
Desperately trying to make things work in spite of Elon meddling
getting high?
No they don’t.
Deadass I saw the tweet and didn’t even realize it WAS the update because of how insanely underwhelming it was.
Hard agree, but trade the swings, right?
Insert Copium pepe
Pls be true nvda has been a fckin pain   Tsla calls today just put the nails in my coffin
Yes daddy, sorry daddy
Plastic aero wheel cover. It was obvious it wasn’t a “fan” because it has plastic texturing and it was spinning in the clip out-of-axis, like they put the wheel cover on a spinning table *near* the center. It would be extremely easy to film an actual fan spinning without wobble.
When?
In the morning, around 7am I think. I saw them go up 25-30% midday, wanted to avoid the day trade and thought I had something, and then missed them hitting $6 in the afternoon due to work. Regret not bailing, and thats how I got here lmao
…bro what? Before dealer incentives:  Nissan Leaf - $30k  Hyundai Kona - <$35k  Chevy Equinox - <$35k  With dealer incentives you could easily get a MachE, EV4, or Ioniq 6 for around $35k and they’re all available under $40k msrp.  Tesla has been promising a $35k EV for a fucking *decade* now. Most overvalued company in existence.
Does it have doors that go like this l\ /l?
In waiting for another infomercial done with the Whitehouse as a prop.
Mr Miller is that you
Behind the dumpster
Lol take your pick - the hub, Xham..., or Xvids
Or could got more time to cover er and shareholder meeting for Nov
You’re right sorry, the figure is actually more than *ten thousand*… my bad
you still holding? that is true WSB material, you belong here lol
Sure, it's a good ticker to make trades on.  The brand, however, is shit.  The actual consumer base of the company is disgusted by the brand AND Musk, Musk made terrible calls on how to get smart driving set up, promises made year after year with only disappointments.  It's just all Musk fan boys chasing pipe dreams and grand promises at this point, while he tweets troll messages to encourage more jerking off.  Can't believe how long it's managed to go on.
Still would rather take a tesla over those 3. Wouldn't own an EV in general as they are still cars for women.
They are all lemmings bitchard! lemmings.
I'm currently behind the dumpster working for extra pay.
Nah, deliveries were announced. These models aren’t cheap or novel enough to move the needle. Everyone who wanted one rushed to buy one with the tax credit and the slow, whimpering death begins.
Software doesn’t count.
TSLA likes to rally after hours, hoping to lose a few percent less on open, and I’m not really that worried about a couple k. Made a few months salary on AMD, anyways. Only reason I could make the post, otherwise my hands would be too busy out behind the dumpster.
Far and away the single most over-valued stock in history.
The stock is the brand buddy
the car is made out of software
They like to rally afterhours but you can't do anything until the market opens. Look at what it did when the market opened the past 3-4 sessions.
[deleted]
It's not, buddy.  The people buying the stock and people buying the products are two different groups of people.  The actual humans who are looking to buy cars and interested in getting inside autonomous vehicles are moving away from Tesla at increased rates.  People who are buying the stocks are a completely different group of people smoking the Musk pipedream and just wants tendies to cash off his tweets and unhinged, drugged up public statemetns.
You can lock in gains on calls by shorting the stock after hours/pre market
Until I personally get jerked off by a tesler bot i can confidently say that all of that is complete bullshit
So time to invest in Fleshlight.
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 10 | **First Seen In WSB** | 1 year ago **Total Comments** | 558 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 4 years | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
Q4 sales declines 100%, Elon says “We won’t sell more cars until Robotaxi.” Stock rises 4000%
Deliveries down: "It's not a car company".  Stock price goes up.  Deliveries up: "It's totally a car company".  Stock price goes up.
Deliveries up, stock price goes up. Deliveries down, stock price goes up.
That‘s definitely worth another 100 billion in market cap
EV credit gone, next quarter will fall off a cliff (but it probably won’t matter tbh)
so theyre back to q4 2024 numbers............... when the share price was in the 200s , and no ev credit next quarter...... and somehow the share price has doubled since q4 2024.   tsla is a scam, it just such blatant market maniuplation, from a guy who has a history of market maniuplation, dodge coin, twitter, tsla. Who serially lie about everything.
Q4 will be interesting without the tax credit. I'm thinking about shorting after earnings.
Here comes  https://preview.redd.it/i2bxy28f9psf1.jpeg?width=300&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=40f678b8bb831176923529b0139b639b60fd641f
My tslaq keeps getting killed lol!
This spike seems directly linked to end of EV subsidies at the end of September. This next quarter will be interesting.
If it’s one thing I’ve learned is people don’t really give AF about who is in charge of a company or its values.  The public just doesn’t care. I say this as someone who does care and didn’t buy a Tesla because of Elon. But the average consumer isn’t on Reddit and doesn’t care
It's not a car company.
And it’ll be hard to beat with the tax credit gone.
Press 'F' for doubt.
Send it to $1k
more calls
Let me guess, a certain South African person bought 50,000 of them?
I don't think that is an honest number. Oh well.
As a proud owner of two Teslas\*, I'm glad for this news and glad to be doing my part.     \*by two "Teslas" I mean two shares of Tesla stock. I am too poor to own a Tesla because I lost all my money gambling on Tesla options.
So much for Tesla boycott
After all that vandalism
This stock is no longer trading on fundamentals. I was once a raging bull, but I have turned into a grizzly bear since the CEO lost his focus and turned into a **** ****. He is as volatile as this stock. So, now, I short it on the way up and hold my shorts on the way down.
"Deliveries" include 200k CyberTrucks delivered to Walmart parking lots for storage?
😑 then why is the stock down, fren?? WHY IS IT DOWN!  https://preview.redd.it/nradanqmiqsf1.png?width=1080&format=png&auto=webp&s=d8066e6b610936a2edf96df556dd6297b54deab7
Delivered to a parking lot?
Hyper growth numbers.
My local abandoned mall has cyber trucks and other models covering the entire parking lot. Some of these vehicle deliveries are happening to parking lots and not to customers.
Wow a whole 7%
Most of the EV automakers were going to have a better quarter because of the EV credits expiring. Those and the CAFE emission credits will probably hurt Tesla the most since those accounted for 40% of their total revenue the last two years.
Also Tesla Energy record Quarter   Cry more stupid commies lol … if you have the balls short it and show us
Nice but how much they make on bitcoin
Sell the news.   Deliveries up b/c people are trying to get in before the EV tax credits phase out (on 9/30).
What is the difference between deliveries and sales? shouldn't it be report in sales?
Deliveries go up…stock goes down   Investors:   >Well, since it’s a car company now, I don’t like the risk. I read that one article about magnets
Yes because the credit ending. Next quarter: wayyyy down
Believe it or not… calls!
Down 2.5%. Yeah, sounds about right... lol.
This was all pulled forward demand based on the EV credits going away. Totally expected. Next quarter is where things get interesting.
Stock dipping now that investors know they've peaked on deliveries for a very long time
Caveat Emptor
Not sure if applicable here but Ford and GM by having their captive leasing arms to make down payments on dealer inventory so they can pass the discount on to future customers.
That’s all they got at the end of a substantial subsidy!? That’s not great, ngl
I thought it was all doom and gloom and demise for the company going forward. 
Increased deliveries? Down 3%, of course.
The expired tax credit isn’t going to do them any favors this quarter I’d imagine, but this stock hasn’t been tied to company performance in forever so who knows
Folks really love to either hate Tesla because of Elon or don’t, because they don’t care for Elon.
Trueeee
Elon really said: keep printing cars.
U.S. government don’t count. It’s like Nazis and Hugo Boss clothing
But Reddit said that nobody buys Tesla's anymore, cause Elon is a Nazi. I don't understand.
Did they find another parking lot?    With $1 trillion, Elon could triple the number of Model S's sold. 
From the Sub Tesla seems to be a Scam since inception.
Cappilini pasta
wait they sell cars?
Caddy escalade EV is looking good
Q4 will be shit
Reddit BIG mad on this news.  BRAND DAMAGE  ELON BAD  SALES DOWN
And yet another person was burned alive inside one just yesterday. 
Half a million nazi supporters is really really disappointing to see
Not in my town. You are hard pressed to find someone driving a swasticar.
Tesla has ruined its brand across the globe. This is FRAUD.   “Per the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association (ACEA), Tesla EV registrations (a proxy for sales) in Europe fell to just 14,831 units in August, a 22.5% drop compared to a year ago. Meanwhile, total EV registrations in the region, which includes the UK and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA), rose 26.8% in August, with overall registrations regardless of powertrain up 4.7%.”  So somehow the ACEA registrations - which is a proxy for sales data are down 22% and yet the total registrations in the region are up 26.8%??? This is fraud. I can’t prove it but for sales data and EV registrations to be off like this says that Tesla is registering unsold EVs. This wouldnt be the first time they have done something like this. They were already busted in Canada for doing a similar grift.  Frankly this is brazen beyond belief. The world needs to do something. I mean we are all already fkd but this is just giving us the middle finger while pissing in our faces.
Correction: it *was* up 7%. Now it’s down 1%.
Tesla is a garbage company. They make metal dumpsters.
Deliveries do not represent sales. 
Fake numbers,cooked book. Somebody with integrity  investigate and revise, review the numbers.
The gold standard is 5,000 cars a day set by US manufacturing over the past 50 years.  Tesla is barely reaching 2,000 a day in their best year. Meanwhile BYD and other China EVs are reaching 7,000-10,000 cars/day.  Tesla is a broke joke and devoid of any real technology improvements of this decade.
TSLA is on some voodoo accounting shit. They wont sell 400k cars all year in the US. But somehow they are still on pace for 2M globally. CALLS!
Lol.... ok.  Congrats holders. Get something nice for your wife's boyfriend.
I can’t imagine this is correct with all the boycotts, and entire countries not selling their cars. Remember that fraud in Canada surrounding cars? This government  makes it really easy to put out fraud statements because there will be no recourse if they hit that donate button.
Hey, I like the way you think.  How would you like a 1 Trillion Dollar comp plan to say more things like this?
And now it’s down of course
Sales up 7% but stock is up 46% in 3 months. Logic lol
Well everyone just rushed because the ev credit was ending. 7% is less than I expected haha
whatever it is.. Numbers are good
They've still yet to release an actual robotaxi company after Musk "betting everything on robotaxi" lol. They're just trying to quietly forget about that sidequest now. Just a convenient way to get through that particular downturn
Does this make tesla a good day trading stock since it fluxuates so much every single fucking day?
Deliveries were up because the tax incentive was ending. People expect it to go down a lot this Q
Meme company
win win for fraudsters. the house always win 
So with that knowledge you always bought and are rich as fuck?
its a damn wonder why tesla isnt at 2 trilluon market cap by now
Not sure if you did the math but $100B is exactly 7% of tesla's market cap of $1.4T. Also: net margin per car ~$2500 in Q2, +35000 cars this quarter equals 140k cars annualized, multiply the two and get total additional earnings of $350M annualized. Now, the extremely sensible earnings multiple for Tesla is 265, so $350M of earnings translates to something more than $90 billion of additional valuation. Your 100B was a sound DD.
It will give TSLA the bandwidth to focus on AI and ROBOTS and BUZZWORDS
TSLA will go up even ***more***
This stock has seen $400, $100, $400 again, $200, $500 soon...     It matters.
No more quarterly report so it won't matter what their numbers are next quarter.
Believe it or not, calls
[deleted]
Tesla delayed releasing their lower cost vehicle in July to wait until after the expiration of the credits.  The vehicle announcement will be this month and Tesla will likely be the only EV maker to survive the loss of the credit.  Expect market share to rise in Q4.
250+ PE ratio. Probably going to 1000 if the musk pay package gets approved.
Less deliveries in the future means more inventory for robotaxis.  Profit!
It’s the CIA right wing with the Epstein information blackmailing rich people to fund their companies. Palantir, Tesla, Oracle, Microsoft and so on all have been funded by the CIA
If you’re so sure it’s market manipulation, you can either profit from it or report it
calls
Somehow… we got robots and fsd now 😎  Also Elon less involved in gov 🤣
Everyone knows this... So it might be difficult to short it.   Calls...
It might be worth shorting before, if they give the negative guidance. When everyone is expecting a bad next quarter, any surprise can lead to a sharp increase in stock price.
Yup Rivian’s third-quarter deliveries rose by nearly 32% and even Lucid motors had a 91% increase from the previous year  All EV sales are significantly up. Tesla is only up 7%
Yet people were informed enough to know the tax credit is expiring, rushing to buy?  It doesn't add up.
You got it wrong. They buy because of Elon.  Reddit isn’t real.
Eh it’s all about statistics. I would’ve bough a Tesla if they were in stock in 2022, but had to buy something else when my car caught on fire. Would’ve bought a plaid this year, but musk’s actions made me hesitant. Almost bought one due to fomo with tax credit, but didn’t want to impulse purchase. I still like the cars, minus repair costs, but just didn’t have the same enthusiasm with how musk has been.   Most of that isn’t important, but if I hesitated, that’s all you need when there’s a 30-60k purchase in the process.
Its a promises company
Tax incentive rush. Look ahead to next Q deliveries.
Press 'F' for fuck your puts
I've gotten torched on my Tesla puts, but I will say I live in Atlanta and I see a ton of new Teslas on the road here (you can tell because they slightly changed the body style), and so many cybertrucks around. This city does have a culture of "all flash, no substance" though
Major F but what the fuck we going to do about it?
You don't pay attention to Tesla sales patterns then.  It's been crazy demand before end of $7500 tax credit.  Now demand will fall off a rock and you'll get your wish.    But the stock price will still go up!
*clutches pearls*
People have short memories.
There waa a boycott?
They build and sell 'em faster than you can tag 'em!
https://preview.redd.it/3k3kmfobqpsf1.jpeg?width=702&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f69192aaa001dd3787908368a87732255146b646
lol the downvotes proves this guy is right 👍
Gas cars are 10x more likely to combust…   All cars blow up bruh.
Cool story bro.
Low iq rtard
both sides think the other side wants to see tesla succeed and they hate it because they hate the other side.
The California Camery?  I'm just surprised at how many  new Juniper refresh Model Ys I see driving around in my town, they are all over!
Big mad
They were not "busted in Canada" that was fake news sorry bud.   It's not illegal to be slow on paperwork,  those cars were legit sold just Tesla hadn't turned in the paperwork until the deadline.  That's why you never heard a followup to the story, it didn't fit the fake news narrative when the truth came out.  You better bet if Tesla actually cheated it would have been a huge story, but it fizzled out because it was the wrong conclusion.  You also read the above story wrong.  Tesla is down in Europe 22% YoY.  EVs in general are up 26% in Aug.
Cry more dude. 
Downvotes by the truly regarded lmao.
Just cause it’s good doesn’t mean you need to scream fraud. Get a life
Educate yourself with facts -   https://www.teslarati.com/tesla-cleared-in-canada-ev-rebate-investigation/  Q2 EV sales numbers USA -  https://cleantechnica.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/US-EV-sales-q2-2025-logo-scaled.png
I’m not doing it for the money. But because the world needs me  5 trillion
Of course it is, theyre not a car company
Because this is a sell the news event. Everyone knew that the expiring EV tax incentives in the US would drive spurious demand for Tesla in Q3. +7% is honestly probably below expectations for shareholders and now there are even more significant headwinds for their brand in Q4 and beyond.
To match the overvalued price, sales would need to be up 837,118,853,642,257,431%
Cause Tesla is a ~~battery~~ / ~~robotaxi~~ / humanoid robot Company. Just keep moving to goal to something in the far future that's definitely gonna happen and make a ton of money
But Elon will now be properly incentivized with a pay package 10,000x more than the next Mag7 CEO.
Who are they ? This 500K morons that buy shitty EV products
and its not like enron musk wouldn't lie like they did in canada for rebates.
Yes, at that point, deliveries down, stock goes up. It's not a car company 🤣
Hyundai has already reduced the cost of some of it’s electric vehicles by $10,000 for 2026  We shall see what Tesla does
The original
Elon should buy more and inflate more
Can't let any amount of fraudulent behaviour go under the radar. There's limits.
CYBER DENNYS!
It's great that they totally nailed the autonomous driving thing. Just a few days ago my Tesla took me from LA to NYC, completely hands free. When I wasn't napping, I was posting on WSB.  So now, yes, of course it's time for the next new grift.
2021 - 935,000 cars sold  2022 - 1,300,000 cars sold  2023 - 1,800,000 cars sold  2024 - 1,700,000 cars sold  2025 - 720,000 cars sold  "See guys, it increased by 7% in Q3 of 2025, people don't care about the CEO they just want the product"  Lol
> Only a loud minority care about a companies CEO they just want a product.  Yeah and these people will get BYD
respect to them if they can make decent margins on a low cost EV but ultimately I don't see how this changes anything. TSLA's valuation is only remotely justified if they can deliver on Robotaxi or Optimus
Correct me if I'm wrong but I think Xiaomi BYD and XPeng will survive the loss of the credit.
Putin direct deposit
https://preview.redd.it/l46udg2ifqsf1.png?width=977&format=png&auto=webp&s=f3e651384abafdb54b473c07f034d7f551682d47
Are the robots and fsd in the room with us right now?
how about u eat my ASS  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Informed on money savings yes. Informed /caring about ceos value. Not so much I guess.
ok that earned a laugh
f f f F fff F F F yeah you like that? F F F fff ff FFF FFF FFFFFFF ughghh oh god FFFF take it you dirty little bear FFFFFF mmmmf Ff^f^f^f
Only people I see buying them in Canada are pakistani and indian immigrants. Which I find funny as fuck.
There are a ton of Teslas in my parking lot at work.
Don't short Tesla. It should be an easy rule
I’ll never forget Musk’s nazi salute. F TSLA and F Musk, the most selfish person on the planet.  But he made others rich too so he’ll always be propped up.
literally never happens
Gas cars don't tend to lock passengers inside to die when they catch fire though.
sex bots when?
Sold too many cars
Solid logic. Short it is!
Because Tesla went up 7% in EV sales.  Ford went up 30%  Hyundai went up 100%   Tesla is still producing less vehicles than last year, and now including used vehicle sales and leases in their "sold" list.   If they aren't a growth company - they don't deserve a PE ratio so high.   BUT, growth to boring ass Toyota-like stock is a long slog down hill.   That's why you sell this news, it's a glimmer of hope that if Nazi Elon can stay out of the news long enough people might forget how shit he is.   We still be cutting new model Teslas off in traffic and flip them off in every major city.
Fun fact: the real % Is in the ballpark of +10,000%
But that's easy once Full Self Driving Level 5 is released  Calls
you are forgetting they sold a shit ton of hamburgers, some say they are going to take over McDonalds
Tesla isn't the only company investing in humanoid, battery and all the other stuff. Google, Amazon, Nvida, and many other US and Chinese companies are doing the same things as Tesla if not better! Waymo by Google is already in the street.
Canada determined they didn't lie though
Well yeah, imagine the inefficiency of a company that needs to deliver actual cars. Yuck.   Less deliveries means they can use their resources to make an app or grow their Instagram followers
Based on their COGS per vehicle, this is all vehicles, of around ~35K then they don’t have a lot of wiggle room on their 3/Y base rear wheel drive models.   Someone said Elon was welcoming the removal of the credit bc Tesla has lower cogs than other manufacturers in the US but lower profit margin is still lower profit margin lol. Competitors can always go back to ICE vehicles
Any idea why he was saying he’d go to jail if Trump wasn’t elected? Could it be for unreasonable salary or something?
SOLAR POWERED CHAINSAW FLAMETHROWERS
Even then it really isn’t.
I thought Chinese EV companies couldn't really compete in America because of insane tariffs
They sell in north America?
It could be russians are smart people so if putin is able to siphon all that gdp he might actually be the richest man on earth.
all the best
How much did you lose?
Can anyone explain to me why the bot says this anytime someone says calls?
In the city, I pretty much only see black men driving cybertrucks. I barely see any in the suburbs when I go, but when I do, it's mostly white and Indian people... It's just such an ugly car...
I get the impression you don’t like him
Oh ok. Cool. Guess I have never seen a gas car burning. My bad.
Teslas don’t lock you in. People just don’t know where the handle is because they get used to the electronic release.
Next week
Next year. That's always the promise, isn't it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzAdXyPYKQo
how about u eat my ASS  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
True, but Elon is the chosen one send to earth by god himself and will do it way better than anybody else
All the companies with piles of cash investing in sh\*t NOBODY is asking for.  (Please, please convince me of the Robo-Taxi demand or robots).  Its all in service of the Billionaire CEO/Founder/Overlords trying to reduce "touch points" with normies and have a "friction-less" existence without having to interact with the world.
This. Regards will have a rough awakening, including. Dan Ives and all the Elon hypers. People vote with their wallet, in particular on Robots which will be plenty of B2B business needed. So that‘s gonna be fun to watch.
Yea but none of those are companies are named after famed inventor Nikola Tesla, who was a famous inventor of electric devices. He also helped to invent important contributions to AC power, among other important, famous electricity related inventions
This is what I've been saying for years. Look at the margins on the newer roadster. Lots of pre-orders, no cars actually made.
Thanks I hate it
Elon‘s biggest problem is that he removed all the stocks from around the steering wheel  when it’s raining, I want precise control over how the window wipers are affecting my visibility  when it starts raining really fucking hard suddenly I wanna be able to crank that shit immediately while I’m driving down the goddamn road  same idea with quickly signaling that I want to turn left and right   or maneuvering in a parking lot and having to go forward and backwards a bunch  If it wasn’t for that shit, I would’ve bought a model 3 top of the line performance in a heartbeat  And I shit you not you can buy your own like turn signals and glue them to your Tesla steering wheel apparently because there is so much a demand for that sort of thing a product exists 😂
It's because he got banned from Epstein Island for taking things too far. It's all in the files.
ONESHOT THE HUMAN ADRENAL GLAND
No. The guy said ev makers can't compete, he never said US ev makers. Other companies will continue to compete and they will survive.  I am not sure tesla can compete for long in china tho.
Lol. I've had long and short positions in TSLA and lost every time. I've mostly given up on trying to time obvious bubbles.
how about u eat my ASS...  Not a bot
You can’t reason with them
Is that why Elon was so excited about turning Grok into a dirty talker
PTO booked
Wait for Q4 sex bot numbers. Christmas is gonna be incredible.
😂😂😂
Bruh..
You don't want a monstrous vaguely human robot hooked up to Elon's servers that weighs in at light heavy machinery tucking your children into bed? 
Mate if there's one thing I've learned over the last generation, people are all too happy to remove social friction, then complain about loneliness. Social media removes the friction of having to hang out with friends, Uber/door dash removed having to talk on the phone to order a ride or food, and robo-Taxi's will definitely come into fashion if it means not having to make small talk with a driver.
That definitely isn’t Elons biggest problem lmao
Model Y still has all those things.  Better than Model 3 anyway, which is too low to the ground and everyone I know with a Model 3 has hit road debris and had an insurance battery replacement as a result.   After buying the bigger Model Y the 3 is just too low and too small and glad I did!
POWERED BY A.I. (All Indians)
But he was responding to a post about US tax credits ending. By the way, I agree if BYD was allowed access to the US market they would crush any domestic ev producer.
Buy and hold ez $
Still can't get over that is how Grok was originally contrived
I was being sarcastic. I even have put options on Tesla
Ahh the "Anxious Generation" at work...#sad
He literally put the turn signals back on the model Y  A lot of car makers are listening to customers that are demanding buttons for things that are frequently used and adjusted like air conditioning and volume  Sometimes I do want to turn the music up mid turn Elon  Now that the customers have choice, they are able to go with cars like the ioniq 5 that has 3 stalks lol  It has an actual button you can press to activate the rear camera and parking proximity sensors or deactivate them anytime you want  Fucking useful
The window wipers are still on the steering wheel and so are the gear shifters  Maybe they’ll fix it by next time but that, the missing volume knob, no apple car play, no heads up display, no included powered shade cover  I instead with with a fully loaded hybrid Hyundai Sonata for our second vehicle because we already have an electric SUV and my daily commuter doesn’t do very many miles and no free way.  So few that I actually would lose money going pure electric because of the registration and insurance costs
At 250 P/E with no growth prospects? No thanks.
RIP brother
My state figured out people were buying hybrids instead of pure evs because the gas tabs were cheap and EV tabs were expensive, so they just started taxing hybrid tabs same as EVs now go figure!  What SUV did you get?  I love road trips in EVs, I have 5 drivers in my household so have 6 vehicles two are EVs and get all the miles.
Keep losing then fine by me
Ioniq 5  It’s big inside but small outside and fits in our garage great  Sure Tesla has a better frunk, but I can fold down my seats and fit way bigger stuff
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 4 | **First Seen In WSB** | 7 months ago **Total Comments** | 20 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 1 year | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
Me being out here with payment declining at the Wendy’s drive through for $15 wondering what I did wrong.
what the gay
Wildly ITM options expiring in over two years? Why, this is barely gambling. Shame on you, OP, get more regarded next time.
could've just bought $17k worth of shares lol
Did i miss?
Solid gain man, congrats. I stuck around a bit longer on TSLA through futures and it’s been fun. They’re even running this event where every trade counts toward a shot at Tesla shares, so I’ve been milking both the price action and the side rewards.
my port has been doing a whole lot better under God king of America, trump 1st and 2nd term than under AUTOPEN biden
https://preview.redd.it/pwq4dk3ukarf1.jpeg?width=1320&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=29621500940da15895e0b5e96b4519b9d1bd9fa5  These were 0DTE if that helps 👀
Bought this when Tesla was 300. Would’ve only got 50 shares. Contract gives me 100 shares
Nice man, hope it works out for you. I got back in today for a little swing and made this.  https://preview.redd.it/exjpa0l3idsf1.png?width=1320&format=png&auto=webp&s=b5246d7246b566c19aa066fe5a7df16f21a5c4b2
that's more like it :)
you made 40% from your single call option, the amount of shares is irrelevant. If you had bought 17k worth of shares at $300, you would be up more than 40% now at teslas current price
Yea and if I still held my contract I would’ve made even more than having 50 shares. I sold this when Tesla was 395. My contract would net 12K right now vs 17K investment at that time would not have. If I had 17K worth of shares when I sold I still would’ve made less
ah ok, fair enough. congrats on the play regardless
Thank you sir. You’re up next 🤞
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 4 | **First Seen In WSB** | 4 years ago **Total Comments** | 18 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 5 years | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
May the force be with you
By all rational price metrics you should clean up  But rational price metrics are not in control at this time, and I can't see the catalyst down for them since Elon is back pretending to sleep on floors and the stock shrugs off all bad earnings reports, losing money, product failures, delays, demand collapse, etc.
There are two problems with your bet.  1. The distance you have to drop is big enough that theta is going to kill the value on these and only accelerate as the price stays above the strike. 2. There is a massive $412 demand wall. If that breaks down yes you will make bank, however, I have to tell you... it will not break down... unless we get some shit show market data in the next month.  My advice would be to take any profit you make down to 412 and then sell these
Now I need to sell my tslq….fuck
Trump and Elon were cozying up during Kirk’s rally. I’d bet more likely the pump continues
The news we needed to send TSLA to $500 .. thanks kind sir for your sacrifice
I'll see you in Valhalla brother!
You didn’t want to wait for a new ath? Because it’s looking like it’s going to make a new all time high. That said I too am short Tesla, we are guaranteed fucked.
You’re gonna learn the hard way why people don’t bet against Elon. Good luck
At least you'll only lose $9k, not bad.
5 contracts? Pretty small boat
\> "loaded the boat"  \> 4 figure position
https://preview.redd.it/ejo4144h97rf1.jpeg?width=912&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=291cad492e9a8282afe10b42838fbe191117fe21  Good luck !!
Been there, made squat  Tsla options are notoriously expensive in general. And puts get destroyed 90% of the time
Smooth-brain move when analysts are raising price targets on TSLA this month:  * Mizuho Securities reiterated a buy rating and raised the price target to $450 (from $375)  * Piper Sandler reiterated a buy rating and raised the price target to $500 (from $400)  * Robert W. Baird upgraded to buy (outperform) from neutral and raised the price target to $548  * Wedbush reiterated a buy (outperform) rating with a $500 price target
Man so many are confident in TSLA drop, I also deserve to get paid for my short positions. Please send this below 400 this week. 😤
The only thing I like is that it is running into a resistance line, everything else is pushing the stock upwards....       ....not a bet I would make, but that might be why I haven't blown up an account (in either direction) either
You're pretty much calling the top here and Im afraid it's not looking good for you because this thing has been grinding higher and higher even on red days looking for ATH.
Hahahaha you have 61 comments and 59 of those wish you to lose this option. This is a guaranteed my bois.
Never bet against Elon :)
This make too much sense to make money
I trade Tesla on and off over the course of 4 years actively and before I had any clue was I was doing it was one of the first stocks I ever bought 7 years ago. It is a stock so based of elons ego and all this believers it will take a mountain of haters of his to move this thing down especially that short stent of not being named the richest man in the world. That was probably a big impact on his ego and he doesn’t strike me as someone who won’t try and prove a point. I could see Tesla being $480-490 by November before I could see the $390 because this stock isn’t valued off what most fundemtal company’s stock price is valued at. Tesla is basically grandfather of all meme stocks.
I cannot imagine looking at this chart and buying puts. Good luck, you're gonna need it.
Sir, I will congratulate you up front becoming the next WSB legend who has donated $100k+ to this casino.
The rug pull is imminent. You just have to stomach it may climb up a bit still.
This happened with Palantir and Tesla.
I hope 9k isn’t a large portion of your account.
They have been selling weekly puts and hitting OTM calls all day, on a market fueled by a président, and you décide to be a contrarian.
I’m thinking it does the opposite but I literally lost everything so I won’t be surprised if this prints.
The Ev credit ends this quarter, my hunch is that people rushed to buy whatever ev’s they wanted before the expiration and should help pump this quarters numbers. I’m still skeptical that people want these electric cars beyond the tax credit. I like this trade, I really do, I just hope it has enough time to play out. I think expiration into next year will be wiser though more expensive. I’ll jump on this bandwagon soon enough.
How broke and illiterate are you that you’re “yoloing” a few thousand on options two months out
Elon buys and then there is this guy.
Blame it on the Tylenol
I think this can work -- I have puts out to Jan 2027, though. Think it could take a while for the narrative to flip.
Ur DeD
not falling for that one again
Can someone Eli5 puts?
Good start OP
This is gonna be a FAT loss post oh yeah baby…
I think I'm already in mourning for your money.
you prob should have checked the open interest on 500c.  good luck though
LMAO
EV tax credit going away at the end of the month and California's DMV lawsuit against Tesla (FSD claims) will end in October  Let's see what happens
It will go to $500 before crashing
I’ve thinking about puts for the same date, but I’m to afraid of TSLA options to pull the trigger.
After the tax credits disappear and the carbon credits they sell go away they will likely be in the red.  Nothing makes sense with this stock short term.  I’ll keep my fingers crossed for you, but it’s is crazy world right now, I know if I shorted it, it would blow past $500.
im still holding my tsla swing till friday or till 455 hope ur wrong😂
Reasonable bet.   GL sir
I’m in vertical calls, may the best man win
Thanks “Sir” because of you, I am not heading my tesla calls
The only chance you're going to see this one begin to bottom out by November is if the economy steers itself off a cliff. One of the most irrationally exuberant stocks I think anyone has ever seen. God speed, retard.
Probably not a good move right after he is mending fences with Trump.
remindme! 60 days
Thank you for the signal 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
If you sit in on their earnings call, you'll know that Elon does not pump the stock. He does the opposite of that. Which means you will be doing opposite of what you hope to do.
Dont fight the regards. Join em. I learned the hard way.
Whats gonna run out of fuel first? The rocket or you?
Well I have the same strike but uhh in Feb/March my guy
I'm all in on TSLA and normally I'd say you're about to print. Only problem is you're a few years too early on this play. This administration is going to keep pumping the market until they leave, bet on it.
Bad day to buy. I sold yesterday 
You’re about to have a lot of sleepless nights, good luck!
Oh jesus you’re gonna get rekt
Someone had too much Tylenol.
Out of all the puts you could buy you buy it on the one that has burned the most bears alive
you’re fried
You should've straddled $420
Too many retails short institutions loading 500c lol
I’m on other side gl
You're fucked. This stock is gonna rocket to 500 by end of year.
Have fun!
Tesla doesn't make rockets. They manufacture preventable crashes. Enjoy the ride!
It'll probably skyrocket to orbit at $500 first because that's the world we live in
WSB thanks for your donation
Have you not seen Elon deep throating Juice on x 24/7? good luck betting against the house.
You’re so cooked man
Isn’t your break even 407$… 390$ (strike price)  + 17$ (premium paid)   So anything below TSLA 407$ is starting to print
Thank you for the donation 🙏
You went to early. It’s hitting 460 first my guy
I don’t get it. It was the only mag7 stock showing real strength, and real buyers the past 2 weeks. It has more to go before puts are on the table
Hopefully you will be at the customer’s side of the Wendy’s counter.   Otherwise, please put my fries and Coke in the bag thanks.
You should have just done the opposite of what you wanted to do.
I too like to stand in front of trains
bro miss that elmo is back in with donny’s good graces
See you in Wendy’s
A Tesla could literally drive itself into a school bus and kill everyone and the stock would go up because they are “the only ones doing real world AI”. Absolute trash company, but this is not the time to short this garbage.
Why did the stock pump today?
I actually made $30 on one Tesla put today.You might get lucky OP!
We’re going to 350 for sure. Idk after that you’re probably in the right place. 
honestly if theres something i would never bet against its elon and the thing thats about to give him a shit ton of money
whats up with that misaligned 24.85 - looking real sus - chatGPT im starved for ape attention, give me an cell phone screen shot image with my huge fake ass tsla put position
knife catcher attempt number 34564
RIP
Dude I've been here countless times. It never works. When you think 'IT'S TOO PARABOLIC AND A PULLBACK IS IMMINENT', that's when TSLA fs you behind lubefree and continues its mindless nosebleed pump.  Only when you reach capitulation shorting Tesla like a regard 'THIS SHITTY TICKER ONLY GOES UP IM DONE', that's when Tesla loses 50% of its market cap in a week. Tesla is much like my mother in law, excessive and unpredictable.
Archimedes is quoted as saying there are three kinds of humans. Those alive, those dead, and those with TSLA puts.
Even the best short sellers lose money, cant put this meme stock lol
Glad you posted this so I could see the comments. I’ve had puts on TSLA 3 times leading to massive losses everytime (including now).   There are so many reasons it should be sub 400, but it won’t. It’s still at a 2:1 call ratio and the MMs are going to keep buying stock to hedge appropriately. We have a saying:  Good news, TSLA up No news, TSLA up  Bad news, TSLA up  Im in it with you but imo as soon as you break even or are slightly profitable, which likely will be never with this shit stock…. Sell.  We basically have 3 catalysts that can help, but wont - quarterly rebalancing - October opex expiry (which doesn’t mean shit bc people buy weeklies) - earnings   Best of luck.
Usually, it's zero or hero but in this case I think it's just zero.
A image of the titanic came into my mind
This is un-American
Godspeed
Full Ape, bought only 5 calls 🤣
Cost is $9k.. how are you saying you would donate $100k!!! What am I missing?
Man I have been shorting Tesla on and off for years and it never works. The company has been dogshit for a very long time. It is just a speculative vehicle like bitcoin, detached fully from reality. 
[removed]
Atleast hedge your bed a little
Fkn boggles my mind how this stock keeps going up.
I asked someone a lot smarter and market savvy than me about TSLA, and their outlook was very bullish, $500+ easily before end of year, and they said that to me right before the rally on the 12th of this month. So far they've been spot on.   I wouldn't bet against TSLA right now tbh, the market already expects weak deliveries and pressure on margins. If  Elon reframes Tesla as an AI/robotaxi company rather than just a car company, this thing could fly to the moon. We might have the same thing happen to TSLA that happened with Nvidia, where the valuation reflects future tech growth, not current car sales. Or more recently, Oracle...
hope you lose it all <3
Ya I fucked up and did that yesterday for 325 puts expiring this week.  I’ve been long and short TSLA though.  And also in calls and puts.
How does it print if it slides under $400 but then nukes your account at even less ($372-$361)?
Holy shit I thought exactly the same thing.
The dumbass shit about this trade is that literally no one knows what it even looks like as a good move.  I mean that literally. A fucking Tesla car could auto pilot into the railing on a bridge and blow up, and I honestly believe there is a scenario where the stock goes up.  It is so incredibly detached from reality, it's literally dumber than fart coin. Look at the shittiest robots I've ever seen in my life in the "optimus", they're behind in EVERY aspect of their business, in EVERY way. Anyone working with automation rolled on the ground laughing at the Optimus demo, it's fucking 1997 shit, dog.   It's fucking laughable at how deep the scam goes, and the only thing they have left is "data". That's why they'll be a merger or some shit with the AI business, and keep this scam afloat.   We are all fucked man. There was a time where this shit wouldn't go on this long, but now I legit think it can go on forever.
This is the only answer.
Very well said. Its the timing of the sentiment change. If the cars can actually drive themselves with no salaried uber driver soon you might be totally cooked though.    Id consider messing with options if the cars could drive themselves. I also work there, used to love it. Hate it now 
This guy fucks
Does point 2 really matter, as the stock moves lower or time passes plenty of those orders will get cancelled and changed wont they
One problem we going higher 🤣
https://preview.redd.it/ac0oavmdy7rf1.png?width=1317&format=png&auto=webp&s=ddeef315e3e826379e1dc8a5faae2f7d44cbb4c9  now i lay me down to sleep, please, please, please let mungo monkey wrench elon by Nov 21
This is actually pretty good advice. What did you use to find that buy wall
Solid advice right here! That $412 wall is tough but if it breaks it’s pay day!  Unfortunately as stated the time decay is working against you.  Take profits and reposition.
Curious how do you find the demand wall?
I bought at 8.32 today only to watch it drop to 8.20 within 30 minutes.
Lmao I bought in at 8.59 now I got 17000 that no one was t to buy for the same price I paid
In an $49 😭
But is company value based on sex history or revenue? Im not sure anymore
I’ll play the opposite of OP when the casino opens tomorrow.
Damn it, beat me by 1 min
it's not really betting against Elon it's betting against one of the most bullish periods any of us has ever seen and the one stock that the market lets fail and fail and fail some more without consequence  you are betting against sentiment not Elon, especially on a relatively short term put contract
I shorted a measily 25 shares before close
I’ll never understand the obsession with this stock.
Queue the Curb Your Enthusiasm song for him when it goes +$500 🤡🤡
9k bro that’s my life savings he’s betting.
its a row boat
It’s not the size of the boat but the motion of the ocean
I’d tap that
I hate this
WSB bearish TSLA  is how you know the real run up hasn’t started. $600 EOY
you are smooth brain if you take those price targets at all seriously. They raised because they are buy rated because it rallied past their previous price targets. Which were also based on nothing.
What is pushing it up? There's no good news
Oh my gourd!    *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Usually when invest, money goes into stock, stock goes up, money goes up.  If you think stock go down, buy puts. Stock goes down, money goes up.
WDyk it dropped
My hunch is that if Elmo and Mango are buddies again they’ll be talking about some type of extension of the credits soon enough. I want to buy puts also, but fully expect ATH so am being a bit more patient.
Problem is he is using his brain.  Tesla does not trade well for intelligent, rational investors.
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2025-11-23 21:25:26 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-11-23%2021:25:26%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/1npmd2r/yolo_loaded_the_boat_on_tesla_puts/ng0pygd/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2F1npmd2r%2Fyolo_loaded_the_boat_on_tesla_puts%2Fng0pygd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-11-23%2021%3A25%3A26%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201npmd2r)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
My wife took Tylenol…I told her she was going to give the 13 and 8 year old autism of she’s not careful!
Agreed. Bit more juice left to squeeze and then straight down from there.
Well, I, for one, would NEVER hope you get hit by a bus.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bagholder spotted.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's not what OP said.
Sick bro
Did you forget the stock went from around here back to 215 already once this year? Don’t believe the hype it only goes up
It's going to go on as long as it takes that useless piece of shit to robot to find Marc Benioff a Coke in the break room. Which is forever.
[removed]
Those orders exist to catch more stock if the price moves lower.  They're there now, at the current high price of TSLA, so they're prepared to catch any blowoff or blowout.  As time passes, and if TSLA starts trending back up, eventually those orders will move, but short of institutional algo bots all backing out of the way of a meteoric collapse, I wouldn't bet on support vanishing down there.  That wall will have to be broken down.
It's pushing 445 in AH.  Edit: pushing 450 now.
Level 2 market data
Both ofc
I’ll watch
Of course it is betting against Elon, any other decent CEO at the helm of Telsa would see the stock go down to $200 at best, while actually increasing sales 😂
We just got rate cuts and likely get more in the future, yes I agree this is a pretty big rally, but bad news has pretty much come and come and the market knee jerk reacts and then bounces back. There’s really no real reason the rally shouldn’t continue
we got pce friday, could push markets higher if its good
“That is why you fail” – Yoda
ill never understand the reddit doom spleen hate for Tesla
He doesnt show his position, only what he bought today, or not?
A Peddle boat. 
$600 by Halloween
TSLA doesn't need good news, or to make money, or to have demand for their product  They only need one guy to hype whatever the next big thing is, far into the future, and untold billions will be made on the idea of that thing and if it never happens, no big whoop, everyone got rich on stories
Optimus and robotaxi. Hopes and Dreams. Elon and Trump, doesn’t matter.
"If Tesla slides under $400, I print. If it nukes back to $372–$361 breakeven"  True, not exactly.  Let me rephrase:  How do your puts print if it slides under $400, but then breakeven if it goes even lower ($372-$361)?
Yeah, but with how high the puts premiums are, you need to be psychic to cash in on it.
Bagholder spotted.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Update 420 😂
I’ll watch you watch them.
My point is that between now and mid-November Elon could do everything the dumbest way possible and send the company on the road to ruin and  it ain't moving the stock price down that much.  All he has to do is start talking about robots or robotaxis in Des Moines and dip gets bought.  The OP is gonna need a major market sentiment shift, not a misstep by Elon.  He may as well buy SPY puts.
its only what he bought today 8900.21
I mean they are expanding robotaxi
Update 440 😂
Cuck behavior?
If Elon gets hit by a bus or resigns = $200.  It is mostly about Elon.
2x ATH right now, I'm sold.
Lol that's also bullish.
Well, I, for one, would NEVER hope you get hit by a bus.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Easy 3x from here
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 4 | **First Seen In WSB** | 1 year ago **Total Comments** | 48 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 1 year | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
Only 10k? Not even weeklies. BAN.
I bought 2 more, total of 7 now  https://preview.redd.it/bsoy44qif5qf1.jpeg?width=601&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d4bcaee21d53f8fa01fa44498acf43e8044f3238  The rest of the capital will go into shares of a stock I want
@ /u/plugsnet I’ll come back with mkre charts and more of a write up later but it’s really just an educated guess and an assessment of the risk reward here, the time on the contracts, how long it’s been since April, the labour market, an expensive and concentrated tech sector, some risks not quite having been priced in on rate cut optimism, an assessment of the switching of the American economy from manufacturing dominated to services dominated during a transition period. Arguably somewhat betting on the adoption of AI being rockier and more turbulent and less immediate ROIC than we might like to believe.  Institutions and CTA’s are pretty crowded into tech for good reason and aggressively long it. So is retail.  I also do like that the volume point of control from the april lows has shifted to the top 3rd of price action since april around the 570 level.  https://preview.redd.it/50ki8ed7z5qf1.jpeg?width=1500&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=48cfb9615339052503a5b50978615e97ea041bd2  I will come back later with more data.
Based on your post history I’m more confident than ever that stocks go up
Trying to snag 2 more but I want them under the current bid
https://preview.redd.it/w7yemwv9z5qf1.jpeg?width=1592&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ad3d628d086cbd4769102de9f5be0a47e3248ed6  Here’s another photo.
I couldn’t care less weirdo, why are you spending your time reading my post history  I bet this position is 5 - 10 x your 500 dollar port bud.
Also have no idea what you mean, go look at the charts from those posts and you’ll clearly see they were profitable trades. 🙄
https://gqg.com/insights/dotcom-on-steroids/?utm_source=x&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=dotcom-on-steroids&utm_content=pdf
You have an 18k portfolio? Let’s not play this game 😂
The compounded total return on the nasdaq 100 from the start of 2023 to september 2025 is 108.97 % +  We’re up 17.34 % ytd.  Now that return is not as wicked as during the dot com bubble which was about 347.5 % from trough to peak when compounded but it’s still enough for me to go ahead and open a position personally.
Oh lets, pics bud, let’s see that PnL
Breadth for the S & P 500  https://preview.redd.it/luesk68q57qf1.jpeg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=11328016fc57e487b3453cc568e3298b439e8886  Comments from MenthorQ: “$SPX near record highs, but breadth weakens fewer stocks holding above key 5/20/50-day SMAs.  Momentum concentrated in select names, leaving the rally looking narrower.”  Note, breadth is really strong however and had been confirming this move higher on pretty much every advance decline of every major american index or composite I’ve looked at, the Russell, SPY / SPX, NDX / QQQ, nasdaq composite
https://preview.redd.it/cf16yiwd67qf1.jpeg?width=1199&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c140fa16c1ae90e06ac441f820eed1294221a88a  From @SethCL  “Interesting, very interesting!  Bears trying to make a comeback?  All of a sudden, a pretty massive spike in Nasdaq Put/Call Ratio.  All prior 2024-2025 occurrences happened within a pullback and/or market correction (April).  $SPX $NDX $QQQ $SPY $VIX $TQQQ $NVDA $AAPL”
[removed]
To be a bit more balanced I’ll include this as an argument to steel man the bull case:  The recent AAII survey results, @chartfest1 posted them on twitter with these comments:  “AAII folks had a massive change of heart this week.  Bulls 41.7% (+13.7) Bears 42.4% (-7)  Largest jump in bulls since January. Most bulls since 7/2”  https://preview.redd.it/r3uwuvzb77qf1.jpeg?width=787&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c176a91c60bd1768f8d8b038ca0ed533a69c807a  Bulls increased dramatically in the recent survey, 3 more pictures to follow
https://preview.redd.it/u19e524f77qf1.png?width=803&format=png&auto=webp&s=e69d5af86a3f3a34350eab6981e8967ba2f49162  Bears moving average for AAII
https://preview.redd.it/984b9uhh77qf1.png?width=767&format=png&auto=webp&s=0e4d2966cf03c7ddc3d7ecc7165b675a6a600e3f  Bears AAII survey
 **User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 3 | **First Seen In WSB** | 4 years ago **Total Comments** | 15 | **Previous Best DD** |  **Account Age** | 5 years | |   [**Join WSB Discord**](https://discord.gg/wsbverse) | [**⚔**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCave/)
ELON just tweeted tsla stock price, you're done lol
https://preview.redd.it/ufhfg37plipf1.jpeg?width=256&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=b2a95b24c734278a6e940ced1298e97f3dd76d74  Cooked
Tsla will be hysterically retesting 480. There we'll go with puts. Be patient.
https://preview.redd.it/ck7p065lkhpf1.jpeg?width=320&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=de1f59fdcd05aab502b0b3a3cdb3b1086b92d071
ORCL short makes sense - AI pump’s been looking gassed and those premiums can pay if momentum stalls. TSLA puts though? Careful, that ticker trades more on vibes than fundamentals. Could print hard, but don’t underestimate Elon stans buying every dip.
My dude… I’m rooting for you but I’m thinking The Fates are once again turning the Tesla knob to 11.
Don’t do it dude. China registrations are up big. Tesla bulls are going crazy and having sex with each other.
Me thinks your ORCL $280 Puts exp 10/17 are cooked.
ORCL Sell off has completed. Your Puts are cooked..
as Elon buys more stock back?... I would wait a little.
Ohh it's you! Congratulations on the well deserved gains.
They're going to buy Tik Tok. Did you calculate Oracle's move into social media?
https://preview.redd.it/0ghpyaq7sipf1.png?width=720&format=png&auto=webp&s=1559fa1d67fb54fe4ed727d6d975050de09c412c  Puts go brrrrrrrr [↗](http://maryleboneshipyards.com/)
It’s literally better, quicker, and easier for you just to send that money straight to my Zelle. DM?
put the fries in the bag bro, orcl buying tiktok
500 eoy
all in
Wendy’s soon
Another TSLA bear for the slaughter… when will yall learn…
Just PUT the fries in the bag
Both stocks are mooning as I am reading this
I respect it
I have the opposite positions as you so you can't lose
Hope these both melt after fomc🤣
How many Elon haters have lost money buying puts? lol. Not saying you are one but I saw so many a few months ago.
A bit early I think maybe should have waited one more week ?
These plays literally never work for me. So I am sure they will work for you.
He has an incentive to get it to 8 trillion and he wants his 1 trillion share package. You’re fucked homie.
Can someone explain these open close contracts what they are and how they work as well where to actually do it?
Lmao nice type up loser bye bye money 😂
390 put with an 11/21 strike. He’ll be fine.
Market manipulation lol I didn’t see his tweet till now
https://preview.redd.it/16ib3o77lmpf1.jpeg?width=1284&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=02487a0621b614b53422475725d311bb968c9df8
Noted. Thank you 🙏
Even my $300 10/19 are cooked i bet.
Probably because of the TikTok news
Not buying. They’re probably going to be responsible for US data as part of a consortium. Most likely candidate anyway.
Wait really?
Not likely after the government money shuts off in a couple weeks.
TSLA stock price has been pure false marketing and manipulation for quite a while. Shorting it into the anticipated rate cuts is regarded, IMO. The cult seems to be holding strong for the time being. Better wait until they finally run out of hopium and copium.
Shit was -1, I fixed it
a pop overnight market, they know something that its not out yet and im guessing this is wat
Except it doesn’t 
Good luck with that. Got shares at $10 and will definitely buy shares at $1000. I've seen like a million posts on people losing all their money betting against TSLA.
Just remember that’s what all the hedgies said about Gme amc etc
EV credits expire on September 30th. They also make a ton of profit by selling regulatory credits to other automakers, and with new regulations getting rid of emissions standards now it means most of that dries up as well - in 2024 that was about 1/3 of their income.  So in 2024 without regulatory credits and bitcoin they made almost nothing...this year is going to be bad.
Those were pure pump-and-dumps (greater fool games), though. I doubt there was any real conviction or hope for their underlying business models. On the other hand, TSLA investors still seem to believe in FSD/taxi, robots and all kinds of pie in the sky promises (that Musk never delivered on).
Stocks only go up 
Got it...it appears we have discovered some pure regardium in the wild
your mistake was using logic here. i appreciate it but the rest of the regarded herd doesn't
 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TeslaLounge) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wheel speed sensor that probably got unplugged. Go into service mode to see which one, and then take a look at it. If it’s unplugged you can simply just plug it back in
I get those same errors intermittently. I cannot find where you can test it in service mode. You can try turning it off and back on in the meantime. Go to Safety and all the way at the bottom go to Power Off. Then just shift back into drive and it will go back on and the error will go away.
That's one of the reasons I rotate my own tires, lol. Can't stand incompetence on simple things like rotate tires.
So many places out there do free tire rotations(Discount Tire for example) that you should never take a tire issue to Tesla. 
Yeah first thought I had, don't know why they would unplug it, maybe they nicked one by accident
I went into service mode but there’s about 20 error messages with every sensor being a problem. I’m not exactly sure which one to check or where to find what’s unplugged when every thing has a disconnected or “GND” issue
Yeah, I had a similar set of messages when my wheel speed sensor died.
Tried that several times unfortunately :(
Can you take a few pictures of the error codes? I remember I had this issue and I was able to narrow it down
Mine took a shit on me after I had bags installed so I had to get it replaced cause it broke lol. Easy enough fix though. Annoying because regen and a few other things don’t work
 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TeslaLounge) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Its a very common problem with these cars, lots of youtube videos about it. They crawl up the wheel well, theres a big ass gap there, so easy for even something the size of a rabbit to get in there under the frunk. For some reason they always seem to chew that particular harness. I have had to get mine replaced last December, and it was $208, so $1400 seems crazy.
That really sucks. This time of year, rodents are more active.  Bad luck to have them pick your vehicle. Usually it's more common on ice vehicles because the wiring is more exposed and they are attracted to the smells of oils and coolant as well as motor warmth.  You will have to do a search on trapping or stopping rodents. lots of methods you can try. hopefully one works.
Not sure why you would expect it to be covered under warranty? At that price though , even insurance isn't going to be worth engaging.   What is to stop this happening again?   Do you know how these rodants got access to the wiring loom? it it exposed?     Perhaps the body corporate will consider putting down some rat poison?
Edible wires seem like a poor choice be OEMs.
Warranty covers things like manufacturing defects, this is not a defect and as you even explained yourself caused by rodents. So you’ll either need to pay to repair it yourself or involve insurance.
Dude call an exterminator,... i bet you got them lil fuckers all in your yard, garage and house too 😩   Also you can call your insurance to cover this. Not warranty you nimrod
Surely someone sells an aftermarket fixed for this...
I guess our battery heating up can be a sanctuary also when it's cold out and I guess squirrel chew not to eat but to keep their teeth short smh.
I suppose why would it be covered. The soy insulation didn't make me feel better but it happens to other vehicles also. I filed a claim. It's covered under comprehensive and wont increase. Yes, it could happen again. Definitely not exposed. Its in the front bumper, don't know how they got access must have crawled up in there. Car was parking on concrete parking lot of my apartment complex. I first thought rats too but squirrels are rodents also.
> this is not a defect    Debatable, one might expect a vehicle to be small past proof in addition to rain proof. Around here all buildings are rainproof but only commercial buildings are small pest proof with grills in the brick vents. 
The vehicle was delivered intact and functional, but good luck with that perspective.
 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TeslaLounge) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I would only buy a HW4 vehicle if I was going to exclusively use it for uber
Go for the Y your customers will be happier. I'm a huge 3 fan but I drive mostly by myself or +one, nobody in the back seat, lets face it there's no leg room back there. BTW if you can find a 6 seater you can take extra people. $$$
Ok so there’s a few things to consider and I’d organize it out as a versus fight.   Model y: 2023, more room, hw3 Model 3: 2025, less room, hw4  The model 3 would ideally have more range if they’re both the same trim as it’s a smaller car, has newer battery technology, and is more aerodynamic. But for driving uber the extra space might be nice for your passengers. Hw4 is also nice for the latest fsd and gives your car better resale as it’s not hw3, even if you’re not planning on using fsd the better cameras and more powerful infotainment system is better all around. This wouldn’t hold up if the m3 is standard range vs long range for the model y but overall the 3 would be the better resale car later on, the y would better the better passenger car. But in my opinion the 3 is roomy enough in the back as long as it’s not 3 adults.   Good luck 🫡
If you wanna get the most value for Uber/Lyft, scrap looking for features. Get the cheapest black Model Y so you can go Lyft/Uber Black. Nothing will appease your passengers, if they wanna be a b\*tch and rate you low, they will. For reference, I drive a 2018 Model 3 and it's good enough for almost everyone, although I only drive every once in a while. I'm a year in and about 1000 rides between Uber/Lyft, I only got one 1 star and it's from some random person I picked up from school.
I’d go with the model Y. More space.
Get a bigger car, but if you plan to use FSD for Uber, then choose HW4 over size.
Uber - certainly a Y so you have more space and capacity imo. Model 3 is great but probably not for Uber if you have tall passengers or if you are tall. Personal experience with 3, 6”2 height as a driver - not pleasant.
If you are having others in the car I would absolutely go for a Model Y. It's more room and it's still fast so it checks all the boxes.
 **I am a bot. This is a friendly reminder that unwelcoming toxic/griefing/pessimistic sniping comments that are not on topic and don’t move the discussion forward will be removed. A ban will be issued if necessary.  Consider this before commenting.  Report posts or comments that violate the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/mod/teslamotors/rules/).  Thank you.**  If you are unable to find it, use the link to it. We are not a support sub, please make sure to use the proper resources if you have questions: [Official Tesla Support](https://www.tesla.com/support), [r/TeslaLounge](https://www.reddit.com/r/TeslaLounge/) personal content | [Discord Live Chat](https://discord.gg/tesla) for anything.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TeslaLounge) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You can adjust your arrival energy in the navigation
What’s plenty of range? It’ll never route itself somewhere where it would end up under 10% to buffer for things like change of wind, or traffic.
Is this a serious post?
The route planner errs on the side of caution and doesn't often plan for you to arrive under 10%. People have more range anxiety than you and me. I like to be well into the single digits to save time, so yes, I often pass the station Tesla recommends and move onto the next one to ride the charging curve.
nav doesn’t want you to get stranded. I just “remove all catching stops” if I disagree with nav (sometimes to just add them back when it turns out nav was right)
Yea, I do. But even still, it suggests a supercharging stops.
10-20% is where i’m comfy. Especially when I know I can charge at my destination.
Glad it’s not just me. I just recently had some scenarios where the route was ~150 miles and I had 80% battery (brand new) and it was telling me to stop midway to charge for 5mins. I just kept going and got home with 29% battery.
That’s a good idea. Idk why i never use the “remove all stops” function. Thanks
